[p.1]
No.18(5)/2024-Sectt.
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001

31.08.2024
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, C- 1,Block G,
Bandra-Kurla Complex,
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051

Calcutta Stock Exchange Limited
7, Lyons Range, Murgighata,
Dalhousie,
Kolkata, West Bengal 700001
Dear Sir / Madam,
Sub: Annual Report 2023-24 and Notice of 66 th Annual General Meeting, Book
Closure and Cut-off Date for e-voting.
Ref:

Regulation 30 and 42 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015; BSE Equity
Scrip ID: 526371, NSE Security ID: NMDC.

The 66th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on Tuesday, the
24th September, 2024 at 11:30 (A.M.) hours IST through video conferencing ("VC") /
Other Audio Visual Means ("OAVM"). In compliance with the provisions of the Companies
Act, 2013 read with circulars issued by Ministry of Corporate Affairs and SEBI, from time
to time, the Notice of 66th AGM along with the Annual Report 2023-24 is being sent on
31st August, 2024 through electronic mode to all the Members who have registered their
email addresses with the Company / Depositories / RTA.
In terms of Regulation 42 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Register of Members
and Share Transfer Books of the Company will remain closed from 18 th September, 2024
to 24th September, 2024 (both days inclusive) for the purpose of ensuing 66 th Annual
General Meeting (AGM) of the Company and for payment of Final dividend for
FY 2023-24 @ Rs.1.50 per share. Further, the Record date for payment of Final dividend
2023-24 shall be 17th September, 2024 and the said dividend will be paid within 30 days
from the date of the AGM.
Further, Members of the Company holding shares either in physical form or in
dematerialized form, as on the Cut-off date i.e., 17th September, 2024, shall be provided
with the facility to exercise their right to vote by electronic means (e-voting) on all the
resolutions set forth in the Notice of 66th AGM. The remote e-voting period begins on 21st
September 2024 (09.00 AM) and ends on 23rd September, 2024 (05.00 PM). Voting
rights of members shall be in proportion to their shares in the paid-up equity share capital
of the Company as on the cut-off date.

[p.2]
The Annual Report of the Company for the financial year 2023-24 inter-alia containing the
Notice of 66th AGM, financial statements for the financial year 2023-24, Auditors' Report
thereon, Board's Report and other documents including Business Responsibility and
Sustainability Report etc., are enclosed herewith and hosted on the Company's website
at the link:
https://www.nmdc.co.in/cmsadmin/Upload/Annual_Report_Documents/6a9beb3eff1545fa818b85ca89a6cb2d_202408312313
43652.pdf.
The details on casting vote electronically and attending the AGM through VC/OAVM have
been set out in the Notes to Notice of 66 th AGM.
You are requested to please take note of the same.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
for NMDC Limited
AKELLA SRI
PARDHA
SARADHI

Digitally signed by AKELLA SRI
PARDHA SARADHI
DN: c=IN, o=Personal,
postalCode=500013,
st=Telangana,
serialNumber=2193E7BFC19F2AA
57C7A4FC9EC0D8541B0D616CF3
069307E193EC28508FF4BCF,
cn=AKELLA SRI PARDHA SARADHI
Date: 2024.08.31 23:21:01 +05'30'

A.S. Pardha Saradhi
Executive Director &
Company Secretary
Encl : a.a

[p.3]


[p.4]
Honourable Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi visits Chhattisgarh to Dedicate the NMDC Steel Plant to the Nation

Honourable Union Minster of Steel Shri H.D. Kumaraswamy and Honourable Minister of State for
Steel Shri Bhupathi Raju Srinivasa Varma visit NMDC

[p.5]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Table of Contents
04

FY24 Highlights

06

Chairman's Message

08

Key Strengths

14

Geographical Footprints

16

Our Products

18

How We Create Value - Our Resources

20

How We Create Value - Our Relations

22

Manufactured Capital

23

Natural Capital

28

Our Value Chain

32

IT & Digital initiatives at NMDC

34

Research & Development (R&D)

36

Board of Directors

38

Senior Management

40

Board’s Report for the FY 2023-24

42

CSR @NMDC

82

Management Discussion & Analysis: FY 2023-24

83

Report on Corporate Governance

98

Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report FY 2023-24

127

Ten Year Performance

201

Independent Auditors’ Report

206

Balance Sheet

228

Statement of Profit and Loss

229

Statement of Changes in Equity

230

Cash Flow Statement

231

Notes

233

Independent Auditors’ Report

314

Consolidated Balance Sheet

324

Consolidated Statement of Profit And Loss

325

Statement of Changes in Equity

326

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

327

Notes

329

Notice

408

Financial Statements

About NMDC

Statutory Reports

03

Corporate Overview

Vision & Mission

1

[p.6]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Established in 1958, NMDC Ltd is India's largest and responsible
iron ore producer, with a robust presence in the mining industry.
Headquartered in Hyderabad, NMDC operates several mines
across India, playing a pivotal role in the country’s mineral
development.
NMDC's unwavering commitment to sustainable and
environmentally responsible mining practices is a cornerstone of
its operations. The company produces a wide range of products,
including iron ore, diamonds, pellets, and wind power, all while
adhering to the highest standards of responsible mining. Known
for its extensive exploration activities and advanced mining
technology, NMDC also places a strong emphasis on community
development and ecological balance. Through its strategic
initiatives, sustainable mining practices, and continuous innovation
in capacity expansion, NMDC has positioned itself as a key player
in the global mining sector, setting benchmarks for responsible and
sustainable mining operations.
2

[p.7]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Vision
Corporate Overview

To emerge as a global
environment friendly mining
organisation and also as a quality
steel producer with a positive
thrust on social development.

Mission

Statutory Reports

To maintain its leadership as
the largest iron ore producer in
India, while establishing itself
as a quality steel producer and
expanding business by acquiring
and operating various iron ore,
coal and other mineral assets
in India and abroad, rendering
optimum satisfaction to all its
stakeholders.

Micro
Objectives

• To expand the operations
in the areas of Mining and
Mineral Processing to meet
the growing demands from
domestic and international
Markets.

Achieve growth by:

• Achieve international
standards in per capita
productivity, value addition
and cost effectiveness.

(a) Expansion of existing mines
(b) Operating new mines fully owned
by NMDC or in Joint Venture
Give thrust to exploration and
exploitation of iron ore and other
strategic & critical minerals.
•

To maintain environment protection.

•

To conserve mineral resources
through scientific mining.

•

To maintain high level of customer
satisfaction.

•

To improve the quality of life
of people in general and socio
economic environment in and
around the mines in particular.

3

Financial Statements

Macro
Objectives

[p.8]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

About NMDC
Colossal Capacity:
Unmatched Scale and Growth
NMDC Ltd continues to solidify its position in the global mining industry with
substantial growth in size and production capacity. This remarkable growth
is supported by our robust infrastructure, which includes advanced mining
facilities and a comprehensive logistics network. Our financial performance
showcases our ability to scale operations efficiently.

Strategic Edge:
Positioned for Success
NMDC's strategic positioning across key mining regions in India is a
significant factor in our competitive edge. Our mines are strategically
located in mineral-rich areas, enhancing our supply chain efficiency
and strengthening our market presence. This strategic advantage instils
confidence in our stakeholders, assuring them of our strong market position.

Financial Fortitude:
Strength in Numbers
NMDC's financial performance is a testament to our strong market positioning
and operational excellence. Our profitability and shareholder returns reflect
our commitment to delivering value and maintaining financial health. This
financial fortitude instils confidence in potential business partners about
our stability and growth potential, making us a reliable choice for strategic
alliances.

Innovative Leadership:
Pioneering the Future
NMDC's leadership in the mining sector is not just about our market share but
also our commitment to innovation and technological advancement. We have
undertaken several ambitious projects to enhance our production capacity
and improve the quality of our product mix. Implementing state-of-the-art
systems and other technological upgrades further cements our position
as a leader in the industry, inspiring others to follow our forward-thinking
approach.

4

[p.9]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Corporate Overview

Sustainable Excellence:
Green Commitment
Sustainability remains at the core of NMDC's operations. We have made
significant strides in environmental management, including obtaining key
environmental clearances and implementing various green initiatives.
Our efforts in sustainable mining practices and community development
demonstrate our dedication to minimising our ecological footprint and
maximising socio-economic benefits.

Future-Forward:
Leading the Market
Statutory Reports

As India's largest iron ore producer, NMDC is well-positioned to capitalise on
the increasing demand for steel and iron ore domestically and internationally.
Strategic investments in capacity expansion, technology adoption, and
sustainability initiatives underpin our growth trajectory. With a clear vision
for the future, NMDC is poised to continue setting benchmarks in operational
efficiency, innovation, and sustainable development.

Financial Statements

5

[p.10]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

FY24 Highlights

450.22

LT

Production

444.81

LT

Sales

The company has demonstrated solid financial health, marked by
substantial revenues, strong profit margins, and effective capital
management. Key performance indicators such as net worth, earnings per
share, and returns on equity reflect efficient operations and a commitment
to delivering value to shareholders, emphasizing overall financial stability
and growth potential.

6

[p.11]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

₹21,294

Crore

Revenue from Operations

Crore

PBT

T

Sales Realisation

₹5,632

Crore

PAT

₹2,124.69

₹87.5

₹19

21.1%

22.17%

RoCE

Crore Dividend

Financial Statements

BVPS

Statutory Reports

₹25,406
Crore Net Worth

Corporate Overview

₹8,012

₹4,732/

EPS

RONW

7

[p.12]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Chairman's

Message

Shri Amitava Mukherjee
Chairman and Managing Director
(Additional Charge)

Dear Shareholders,
It is with great pleasure and a deep sense of responsibility that I address you as the Chairman
and Managing Director of your company - NMDC Limited, a cornerstone in the Indian mining
industry. As we navigate through dynamic market landscapes and global economic shifts,
I am honoured to lead a company known for its resilience, innovation, and commitment to
sustainable growth. NMDC is devoted to Responsible Mining, the goal is to mine sustainably,
restore ecosystems, invest in social initiatives, and meet the country’s thriving demand for iron
and steel.

8

[p.13]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

In this journey, NMDC has mitigated cyclical volatilities
of the sector, built upon its technical and digital strength,
bolstered its financial resilience, and worked tirelessly to
deliver value to its stakeholders. As we reflect on FY24,
I take pride in sharing the achievements, challenges and
strategic vision of the company with you.

In the face of significant monetary tightening,
lingering policy uncertainties, and multiple shocks
from geopolitical conflicts and climate change, the
global economy demonstrated greater resilience than
anticipated in 2023 and grew at a rate of 3.2%.
Surpassing global economic trends, South Asia's gross
domestic product grew by an estimated 5.3% in 2023
and is expected to increase by 5.2% in 2024, driven
by robust growth in India, which remains the world's
fastest-growing large economy.
India, amidst an uneven global macroeconomic
environment, has demonstrated remarkable economic
stability and growth. Driven by substantial public
investment in infrastructure and digitalization, alongside
targeted reforms to improve the ease of doing business

Iron Ore Market Dynamics
The global iron ore production reached 2.5 billion tonnes
in CY 2023, with Australia and Brazil leading as the top
producers, contributing approximately 56% of the total
output. India, the fourth largest producer, along with
China, both contributed about 11% each to global iron
ore production. Despite the subdued demand in China
due to economic uncertainties and real estate concerns,
the global steel production remained stable. However,
the iron ore market experienced fluctuations due to
geopolitical dynamics and trade policies.
In this context, the role of the Indian iron ore miners
in catering to the domestic demands while effectively
navigating the global iron ore market volatility has
become increasingly significant. The nation has
witnessed strong growth of ~7% YoY in the iron ore
output, with production increasing from 257 million
tonnes in FY23 to an impressive 275 million tonnes in
FY24. I am delighted to share that NMDC has played
a significant role in this achievement, securing a
commendable 16% market share.

Physical and Financial Performance
During the year under review, NMDC registered its best
ever yearly physical performance as it produced 45.02
million tonnes and sold 44.48 million tonnes of iron ore.
The company recorded a 10% growth in production and
16% growth in sales compared to FY23 volumes.
It translated into a strong financial performance earning
a revenue of Rs. 21,294 crores in FY24, which is a 21%
increase from the revenue generated in FY23. Strategic
financial planning and pricing mechanisms led to a Profit
After Tax (PAT) of Rs. 5,632 crores and Profit Before

9

Financial Statements

Economic Scenario

This economic momentum, particularly in emerging
markets like India, has directly influenced the demand
for essential raw materials, including iron ore which
remains a critical factor in supporting infrastructure
growth, manufacturing, and energy sectors worldwide.

Statutory Reports

NMDC’s operational excellence, financial prudence,
and strategic agility dovetailed with the stakeholders’
confidence is positioning the company at the forefront
of sustainable growth. I convey our sincere gratitude
to our shareholders for partnering with us in our
pursuit of capacity building and diversification towards
shared prosperity. Your insights and support are an
indispensable resource to the company, and together,
we will chart a course for a brighter, more sustainable
future for NMDC.

and stimulate new investments, India's GDP growth has
reached a robust 8.2% for FY 2023-24, significantly
exceeding the global average.

Corporate Overview

NMDC delivered historic iron ore volumes in FY24,
an accomplishment that will echo through time as a
testament of its mettle and shape the destiny of the
company and the industry. Our legacy has been truly
enriched by the surpassing of the 45 million tonnes
mark in the financial year 2023-2024. India’s largest
iron ore producer continued to realize the weight of the
country’s dreams in fortifying mineral security.

[p.14]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Chairman's Message Continued

Tax (PBT), before exceptional item, of Rs. 8,294 crores
in FY24, realizing an upswing of 2% in PAT and 30% in
PBT over CPLY.
For FY24, NMDC’s EBITDA stood at Rs. 8,709 crores
representing a 28% growth from the previous financial
year. The company’s operating profit margin was 34%,
an upward movement of 6% in operational efficiency
from FY23.
Company’s highest-ever capital expenditure of Rs.
2,066 crores was expended towards capacity building
in FY24, which was 17% north of the capex target, Rs.
1,769 crores. NMDC’s standalone net worth (post the
demerger of NSL) crossed the Rs. 25,000 crore mark in
FY24 reinforcing the company’s financial stability and
its capacity to invest in growth and generate value for
stakeholders.

Operational Highlights
NMDC’s major iron ore mines - Kirandul and Bacheli
in Chhattisgarh, and Donimalai in Karnataka delivered
their highest-ever annual production in company
history. The bottlenecks in pellet production were also
resolved leading to peak volume of 2.65 lakh tonnes
pellet production in FY24, highest since the plant’s
commissioning.
During the year under review, NMDC made a strategic
move to boost evacuation capacity and build supply
chain resilience by commencing operations from its
Kumar Marenga stockyard and implementing a 10 MTPA

Rapid Wagon Loading System at its Kirandul complex.
These developments give a peek into the business
model that the company is finalizing for leapfrogging to
double its capacity.
Another significant development in FY24 was the
resumption of operations at Panna Diamond Mines
in Madhya Pradesh, revitalizing a historic asset
that diversifies our mineral portfolio. A landmark
achievement in the direction of expansion and
diversification came with the commencement of
gold mining at Mount Celia in Western Australia in
FY24 through the company’s subsidiary, Legacy Iron
Ore Limited. Legacy has also signed a Joint Venture
agreement to unlock the potential of magnetite
resources at Mount Bevan and explore minerals of
strategic interest like Lithium in Australia.
Towards enhancing efficiency, transparency, and
ease of doing business, a new organizational
structure - ‘Works Organisation’ was conceptualised
and implemented for the close monitoring and timely
execution of all major capital projects.

Response to Climate Change
The global emphasis on reducing carbon emissions and
adopting cleaner production methods is transforming
the iron ore value chain. This shift towards greener
technologies and practices is driving innovation across
the industry and underscores the need for enhanced
environmental stewardship and responsible resource
management. Embracing these changes is vital not only

Towards enhancing efficiency, transparency, and ease of doing business,
a new organizational structure - ‘Works Organisation’ was conceptualised
and implemented for the close monitoring and timely execution of all major
capital projects.

10

[p.15]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Corporate Overview

Climate change presents unprecedented challenges
to the industry - a potential disruption in operations,
increase in production costs, and the abatement of
key resources such as water and energy. Against this
landscape, NMDC plans to leverage and enhance its
sustainable and efficient mining legacy to meet the
evolving needs of the environmentally conscious

To minimise carbon emissions, NMDC is moving towards
eco-friendly ore transportation through slurry pipelines
and railways instead of roadways. Progress in this
direction is underway with the doubling of the KirandulKothavalasa railway line expected to be completed in
FY25 and the laying of the 15 MTPA Slurry Pipeline
from Bacheli to Visakhapatnam via Nagarnar slated for

Committed to the best Corporate Governance practices, NMDC ensures
compliance of statutory provisions in letter and spirit. The Company is
faithful to the statutory requirements under the Companies Act, 2013; SEBI
LODR Regulations, 2015.

11

Financial Statements

customers and align with India's goal of achieving Net
Zero Emissions by 2070.

Statutory Reports

for our continued growth but also for our commitment to
a sustainable future.

[p.16]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Chairman's Message Continued

completion in FY27. NMDC is building a 2 MTPA Pellet
Plant and 10 MTPA Beneficiation Plant along the Slurry
Pipeline route with plans to introduce blending yards in
its ecosystem as a step towards zero waste mining.
The company is also investing in solar and wind energy
projects while exploring opportunities to mine critical
minerals like lithium and cobalt to fuel the renewable
energy sectors and the green transition of India.

ESG Performance
NMDC is intensifying efforts to curtail GHG emissions,
enhance wastewater recycling, manage solid waste,
and conserve biodiversity. We have developed a Scope
3 Greenhouse Gas Inventory to meticulously vet our
value chain emissions. Our Biodiversity Conservation
initiatives continue to thrive as we collaborate with
the State Forest Departments to restore habitats and
preserve ecosystems.
Contributing to Chhattisgarh’s environmental health,
NMDC presented a first of its kind Mobile Environment
Lab to Chhattisgarh Environment Conservation Board. It
is equipped with cutting edge technology for real time
monitoring of ambient air quality and for conducting
water and wastewater audits in the industrial belts of
Chhattisgarh.
In FY24, NMDC carried on operations with due
compliance to the environmental laws and regulations
while implementing diligent checks to safeguard the
environment, society, and individuals.

The company’s transformative CSR initiatives are a
source of pride and purpose for us. From empowering
women to upskilling youth, generating employment
opportunities to addressing public health, NMDC
has been a steady pillar in enabling progress in the
hinterlands of India. Our flagship social initiatives Shiksha Sahayog Yojana and Balika Shiksha Yojana have
empowered the journeys of thousands of tribal children
with scholarships for higher education and nursing
education, making them agents of change in their
communities. It is this approach that gave way to the
Education City, Hospital on Wheels, Sports Academies,
and the infrastructure that ensures education,
healthcare and opportunities for all.
This strong legacy is built by a committed workforce.
We classify the health, safety, and dignity of NMDC
employees as a top priority. Robust vigilance structures,
safety protocols, access to grievance redressal along
with the freedom to associate and engage in collective
bargaining has nurtured a progressive and empowering
workplace.
On Formation Day 2023, NMDC instituted the ‘CMD
Excellence Awards’ to celebrate and honour the
exceptional contributions of our employees, who are the
driving force behind our company’s progress.

Corporate Governance
NMDC upholds the highest standards of corporate
governance and ensures transparency, accountability,
and integrity in all our operations. Corporate governance
is not just a regulatory requirement but a fundamental
pillar of our culture, guiding our actions and decisions to
create long-term value for our stakeholders.

Contributing to Chhattisgarh’s environmental health, NMDC presented
a first of its kind Mobile Environment Lab to Chhattisgarh Environment
Conservation Board.

12

[p.17]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

This narrative aligns with the National Steel Policy’s
vision to enhance India's steel production capacity to
300 million tonnes by 2030. NMDC’s 100 million tonnes
would account for a quarter of the ~ 430 million tonnes
of raw material required to reach that target.
Towards becoming a 100 million tonnes mining
company, NMDC is transforming its approach to
machinery, material and manpower planning. Innovation
and digitalization are key tenets of this transformation.
A steely intent is driving our investment in intelligent
equipment and cutting edge mining systems, such as
Automatic Sampling, Fleet Management, and Rapid
Wagon Loading. These technologies ensure the highest
standards of productivity and efficiency, positioning us
among the global mining powerhouses.

Our achievements for FY24 are commendable, but the
path ahead beckons with both promise and challenge.
Our compass points north - toward innovation,
sustainability, shared purpose and a 100 million tonnes
strong future.

Jai Hind

Shri Amitava Mukherjee

Chairman and Managing Director
(Additional Charge)

13

Financial Statements

As we progress further into the era of NMDC 2.0, we
are gearing up to deliver 50 million tonnes of iron
ore in FY25. Our journey from hereon will be guided
by an ambitious growth strategy. We are investing in
capacity expansion and new infrastructure to augment
our production capacity to 72 million tonnes from our
existing iron ore mines, while also developing the NCL
(NMDC CMDC Limited) JV mines to contribute another
28 million tonnes. Leveraging on our intrinsic strengths
and constraint optimization are the two drivers for
realisation of our vision to achieve a 100 million tonnes
production capacity by 2030.

We convey our sincere gratitude to the Government of
India for their constant support in creating an enabling
environment that fosters growth and innovation
in our industry. To our valued customers, banks,
shareholders, associates, and global partners, I express
my deepest gratitude for your trust, collaboration,
and continued partnership. Together, we have
overcome challenges and achieved iconic milestones.
I am confident that with our collective effort, we will
continue to thrive. Thank you for your invaluable
contributions to the journey of NMDC.

Statutory Reports

Towards Progress and Prosperity

The accomplishments of NMDC find a unified
representation in our new logo, unveiled in August,
2023. This logo heralds a new era of responsibility at
NMDC. It conveys the spirit of NMDC 2.0 - the blue cog
representing the mineral mining cycle for steadfastness
and trust we have earned over the decades; the hand
cradling the earth in the center of the logo signifies
our commitment to sustainable mining and our global
aspirations. The vibrant green leaves symbolize growth,
renewal, and harmony with nature.

Corporate Overview

Committed to the best Corporate Governance practices,
NMDC ensures compliance of statutory provisions in
letter and spirit. The Company is faithful to the statutory
requirements under the Companies Act, 2013; SEBI
LODR Regulations, 2015; and Guidelines on Corporate
Governance for Central Public Sector Enterprises,
2010 issued by the Department of Public Enterprises
along with the Secretarial Standards issued by the
Institute of Company Secretaries of India. Further,
NMDC also ensures that its practices and policies align
with the interests of society at large and the same
is demonstrated through the company’s continuous
initiatives towards stakeholder engagement and
environmental stewardship.

[p.18]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Key Strengths

14

[p.19]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Six Decades of Excellence

Competitiveness, Profitability, and
Growth

Advanced Technological Integration
Our advanced technological integration includes
state-of-the-art ERP systems, real-time dashboards,
and biometric recognition for seamless operations.
By adopting Unmanned Aerial Systems for mineral
exploration and enhancing cybersecurity measures,
we are committed to digital transformation and
innovation.

At NMDC, we prioritise lean ore utilisation and
effective tailings management to optimise
resources. Our use of slurry pipelines and innovative
beneficiation techniques underscores our dedication
to minimising environmental impact while maximising
resource efficiency. We also maintain strong
backward and forward integration, enhancing our
competitive advantage. With strategic growth plans
to increase iron ore production capacity to 100
million tonnes by 2030, we are well-positioned to
meet the demands of the steel industry.

We attract, develop, and retain talent, ensuring
a skilled workforce. The introduction of the
Employee Training Portal and Vigilance Complaint
Portal reflects our dedication to human capital
development.

Advanced Research and Development
Our advanced Research and Development keeps
us at the forefront of innovation. The R&D Centre
in Hyderabad supports continuous innovation
in mineral processing and sustainable steel
technology, contributing significantly to our
technological excellence.

Commitment to Sustainability and
Innovation
Our business model is deeply ingrained, focusing
on environmental and social sustainability. With
significant renewable energy projects and a goal
to achieve 'Net Zero' by 2040, we are dedicated to
sustainable practices. Our relentless commitment to
excellence, sustainability, and innovation continues
to shape the mining industry and contribute
significantly to India's steel production and
economic growth.

15

Financial Statements

Resource Optimization and Integrated
Operations

Talent Development and Retention

Statutory Reports

We at NMDC focus on competitiveness, profitability,
and growth. Our record-breaking production and
sales in the last financial year highlight our resilience
and efficiency. With ongoing expansions like the
Kumaraswamy mine, we are set to achieve even
higher targets, ensuring sustained growth.

Our diversified board and experienced senior
management drive strategic decision-making. We
are committed to expanding our mineral portfolio,
including operations in diamonds, gold, and coal,
which enhances our resilience against market
fluctuations.

Corporate Overview

Our journey spans six decades of excellence in
the mining sector. Producing over 45.0 million
tonnes of iron ore annually, we cater to the steel
industry's diverse needs and are actively exploring
forward integration into pellets and steel production.
Additionally, we successfully operate a diamond
mining project in Panna, Madhya Pradesh, adding to
our diverse portfolio.

Diversified Board and Experienced
Senior Management

[p.20]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Geographical Footprints

16

[p.21]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Corporate Overview
Statutory Reports

Australia

26% stake in ICVL which
owns coking coal deposit
in Mozambique.

91.38% stake in Legacy
Iron Ore Limited, ASX
listed entity based in
Perth, Australia.

ICVL had acquired Rio
Tinto Coal Mozambique
(RTCM) by which ICVL
has 65% ownership in
Benga Coal Project and
100% interest in Zambeze,
Tele East and other coal
exploration projects.

Legacy is presently
carrying out exploration
in its 21 exploration
tenements in Western
Australia in Iron Ore,
Gold, Tungsten and
Base metals.

17

Financial Statements

Mozambique

[p.22]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Our Products
Introduction to the Products of NMDC Ltd
NMDC Ltd offers a diverse range of high-quality iron ore products, each tailored to
meet specific industrial requirements. From coarse and fine iron ores to specialised
pellets, NMDC's offerings ensure efficient and optimal performance for various
steelmaking and related processes. In addition, NMDC produces rough diamonds that
cater to the gem and jewellery industry. Here's a brief overview of their products, along
with technical details:

18

[p.23]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Baila ROM

Baila Lump

Coarse iron ore with high iron
content, suitable for steelmaking.

Medium-sized iron ore for direct
use in blast furnaces.

10 mm to 150 mm

65.5%

10 mm to 40 mm

65.5%

10-20 mm Baila

High-grade iron ore for direct reduction
processes.

Specialized iron ore for sponge iron
ore making.

10 mm to 40 mm

67%

10 mm to 20 mm

65.5%

Baila Fine

Doni Lump

Fine iron ore suitable for sintering
and pelletizing.

Calibrate lump ore from Donimalai.

64%

10 mm to 40 mm

61%

Kumaraswamy Lump

Kumaraswamy Lump Ore:

Iron ore from Kumaraswamy with
consistent quality for steel production.

Used for Sponge Iron Making

10 mm to 40 mm

64.5%

10 mm to 20 mm

65%

Kumaraswamy Fine

Finely crushed iron ore from
Donimalai for sintering processes.

Fine iron ore from Kumaraswamy,
optimal for sintering.

60%

10 mm

64%

Iron Ore Pellets

Rough Diamonds

High-quality pellets produced at
Donimalai are ideal for steel production.

Natural diamonds suitable for gem and
jewellery applications are produced through
specialized mining processes.

63%

Size

Financial Statements

Doni Fines

10 mm

Statutory Reports

-10 mm

Corporate Overview

DR CLO

Fe

19

[p.24]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

How We Create Value - Our Resources
Financial Capital
DESCRIPTION
Financial Capital represents the economic resources
NMDC has, including its revenue, profits, and
investments. What it means to NMDC: Enhancing
Financial Capital involves prudent financial
management, increasing cost efficiency, and focusing
on profitability. By optimising its financial resources,
NMDC can invest in new projects, technologies,
and capabilities, ensuring sustainable growth and

shareholder value.
HIGHLIGHTS
Turnover (FY24)

: ₹21,294 crores

Net worth (FY24)

: ₹25,406 crores

Capex (FY24)

: ₹2,066 crores

Profit Before Tax (FY24)

: ₹8,012 crores

Profit After Tax (FY24)

: ₹5,632 crores

Manufactured Capital
DESCRIPTION
Manufacturing Capital includes the physical assets
and infrastructure NMDC uses to produce its goods,
such as mines, machinery, and technology. What it
means to NMDC: Enhancing Manufacturing Capital
means maintaining and upgrading production facilities,
expanding mining footprints, and investing in new
technologies. This ensures operational efficiency,
product quality, and the capacity to meet market
demand.

20

HIGHLIGHTS
Iron Ore Production (FY24)

: 45.02 MT

Iron Ore Sales (FY24)

: 44.48 MT

Pellet Production (FY24)

: 2,63,053 tonnes

[p.25]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Environment Capital
HIGHLIGHTS
Environmental Conservation: Focus on reducing
environmental footprints, adopting slurry pipeline
transport for iron ore, and installation of wind energy
and solar power projects
Waste Management: Cessation of wet-washing of ores
at most mines
Renewable Energy Initiatives: Share of renewable
energy in total energy consumption is targeted to
increase to 25%
10.5 MW Wind Energy Plant
1.8 Million units of Solar Power sourced

Statutory Reports

Water Management: Aim to achieve 100% recycled
water usage for dust suppression by implementing
sprinkling techniques at mine sites by 2025

Financial Statements

Intellectual Capital
DESCRIPTION
Intellectual Capital encompasses NMDC’s intangible
assets, such as patents, brand equity, research and
development, and organisational knowledge. What
it means to NMDC: Enhancing Intellectual Capital
involves fostering innovation through R&D, implementing
advanced digital solutions, and building a solid
corporate brand. This drives competitive advantage,
operational improvements, and long-term sustainability.

Corporate Overview

DESCRIPTION
Environment Capital encompasses the natural
resources that NMDC utilizes, including land, water,
and energy, and its environmental impact. What it
means to NMDC: Enhancing Environment Capital
involves implementing sustainable practices, reducing
environmental footprints, and promoting conservation
efforts. NMDC focuses on renewable energy projects,
efficient waste management, and water recycling
to minimise its ecological impact. By prioritising
environmental sustainability, NMDC ensures long-term
resource availability and compliance with environmental
regulations.

HIGHLIGHTS
State-of-the-art R&D: Focus on ore beneficiation and
mineral processing
ERP Implementation: Across all mining projects and
Pellet Plant
Digital Transformation: Fleet Management System and
other digital initiatives

21

[p.26]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

How We Create Value - Our Relations
People Capital
DESCRIPTION
People Capital refers to NMDC's human resources,
encompassing the skills, knowledge, and capabilities
of its employees. What it means to NMDC: Enhancing
People Capital involves continuous recruitment,
comprehensive training programs, and leadership
development initiatives. It ensures employee welfare,
health, and safety and promotes diversity and inclusion.
By investing in its workforce, NMDC enhances
productivity, fosters a positive work environment, and
builds a resilient and capable organisation.

HIGHLIGHTS
Number of Employees (FY24): 5,630
Employee Training: Total training days - Executives:
2,020, Non-Executives: 2,767
Health and Safety Measures: 100% coverage for health
insurance, accident insurance, and other benefits for
both executives and non-executives

Social and Relationship Capital
DESCRIPTION
Social and Relationship Capital involves the relationships
and networks NMDC maintains with its stakeholders,
including customers, suppliers, communities, and
regulatory bodies. What it means to NMDC: Enhancing
Social and Relationship Capital means actively
engaging with stakeholders, contributing to community
development, and maintaining high levels of customer
satisfaction. NMDC invests in CSR activities, supports
education and healthcare initiatives, and ensures
transparent communication with all stakeholders.
These efforts help build trust, enhance the company’s
reputation, and ensure social license to operate.

22

Customers (Steel Plants):

100+

Community Development: Significant contributions to
education, healthcare, and
rural development projects,
including scholarships,
medical facilities, and clean
drinking water
CSR Activities (FY24):

INR 150 crores spent on
CSR initiatives, focusing
on inclusive growth and
equitable development

Stakeholder Engagement: Regular interactions
with local communities,
government, suppliers,
customers, and NGOs to
address their concerns and
ensure transparent and
responsive communication

[p.27]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Manufactured Capital

Corporate Overview

NMDC Ltd.'s manufactured capital represents the backbone of its operations,
encompassing state-of-the-art infrastructure, advanced mining equipment, and
highly mechanized facilities that ensure the efficient and sustainable extraction of
iron ore. Our commitment to operational excellence and innovation is evident in every
facet of our manufacturing process, from the cutting-edge machinery we employ to
the robust transportation networks that facilitate the seamless flow of materials.
Overview of NMDC’s Operations
World-Class Sustainable Mining Infrastructure

Statutory Reports

At the heart of NMDC's operations are its four highly mechanized iron ore mines, strategically located in
Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh and Karnataka. These mines are equipped with the latest technology, including
advanced drilling machines, excavators, automated processing systems, and crushing and screening equipment,
all of which contribute to our position as one of the lowest-cost producers of iron ore globally. In FY24, NMDC
achieved an impressive iron ore production of 45.1 million tonnes (MT), with an average grade of 64.6% Fe,
reinforcing our status as a leader in the industry. Our robust conveyor and transportation networks further
enhance safety and efficiency, reflecting our commitment to sustainable and responsible mining practices.

Financial Statements

23

[p.28]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Manufactured Capital

NMDC Mines
• Bailadila Iron Ore Mines –
Kirandul Complex, Chhattisgarh
• Bailadila Iron Ore Mines –
Bacheli Complex, Chhattisgarh
• Donimalai Iron Ore Mines, Karnataka
• Kumaraswamy Iron Ore Mine, Karnataka
• Diamond Mining Project,
Madhya Pradesh
Currently, NMDC produces around 45 MT of iron ore per
annum and has the capacity to produce approximately
51 MT. With ongoing expansion plans, the company
aims to reach a production capacity of around 67 MT in
the next 2-3 years and set a target of achieving a mining
capacity of 100 MT by 2030.

Major Capacity Additions
NMDC is undertaking substantial capital expenditure
projects to enhance its ore production, improve
its product mix, and expand mining capacities to
meet the growing demand in the Indian steel sector.
These initiatives include establishing new screening
plants, infrastructure enhancements in Chhattisgarh,
and developing a slurry pipeline and beneficiation
plant. The company is also focused on securing
additional Environment Clearance (EC) approvals
to boost production capacities at key mines, with
plans to increase total capacity progressively. While
incremental growth is expected in the near term,
expansion efforts are geared towards achieving
significant production increase over the next 5-6
years, ultimately aiming for a total capacity of 100
MT by the end of the decade.
For more details on capacity expansion refer
Board’s Report

NMDC's Mining Leases
Name of Mining Lease

Area in Ha

ML Validity

Location

Bailadila Deposit - 11 (A, B & C)

874.92

10-09-2037

Chhattisgarh

Bailadila Deposit - 14

322.37

11-09-2035

Chhattisgarh

Bailadila Deposit - 14 NMZ

506.74

06-12-2035

Chhattisgarh

Bailadila Deposit - 5

540.05

10-09-2035

Chhattisgarh

Bailadila Deposit - 10

309.34

10-09-2035

Chhattisgarh

Donimalai Iron Ore Mines

597.54

03-11-2038

Karnataka

Kumaraswamy Iron Ore Mines

639.80

17-10-2042

Karnataka

24

[p.29]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Manufactured Capital

Mining Equipment and Machinery

40 Excavators

for precise and efficient ore extraction.

that enhance our exploratory capabilities and ensure
precise deposit mapping.

7 Crushing and 5 Screening Units
244 Conveyors

covering an impressive total length of 88,147 metres facilitate seamless
material transport, reducing downtime and enhancing productivity.

62 Hauling Trucks

ensure timely and safe transportation of ore from mines to processing
facilities.
25

Financial Statements

at critical junctions streamline the ore processing, delivering
consistently high-grade material ready for further beneficiation.

Statutory Reports

31 Drilling Machines

Corporate Overview

At NMDC Ltd., our sophisticated array of mining equipment and machinery is the
cornerstone of our robust operational infrastructure, setting industry standards in efficiency
and excellence in sustainable extraction of iron ore. Our fleet, strategically deployed across
three key locations i.e. Bacheli, Kirandul and Panna includes:

[p.30]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Manufactured Capital

Processing & Administrative Facilities
Processing

Administrative and Logistic Facilities

NMDC operates various processing facilities to enhance
the quality and usability of the extracted iron ore. Our
beneficiation plants remove impurities, ensuring the
ore meets the required further processing and industry
standards, reflecting our commitment to quality. The
company also has pelletising plants to convert iron ore
fines into pellets, essential for steel production.

NMDC’s infrastructure includes various buildings and
structures that support its operations. Administrative
offices across mining sites and headquarters have
modern facilities for staff operations. Workshops and
maintenance facilities are maintained to service and
repair mining equipment, ensuring minimal downtime.
Warehouses and storage facilities and equipments are
efficiently managing supply and demand fluctuations.
Additionally, NMDC provides accommodation for staff
and workers at remote mining sites, ensuring their wellbeing and productivity.

NMDC has established a robust infrastructure network
to facilitate seamless transportation and logistics.
This includes railway systems that transport ore from
mines to ports and processing plants, ensuring an
uninterrupted supply chain Well-maintained roads
and bridges within mining sites ensure the smooth
movement of machinery and personnel, enhancing
overall operational efficiency.

5

Workshops and Maintenance

7

Railways and Transportation
System for Ore Delivery
26

8

Administrative offices

6

Warehouses and Storage Facilities

[p.31]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Manufactured Capital

Sustainable Utilities and Support Systems
Power Generation

WM

395

KW

Wind Power Capacity at
Chitra Durga, Karnataka

Solar power panels in
Chhattisgarh

KW

Solar plant at Donimalai

NMDC prioritises safety and environmental control in
its operations. Dust suppression systems control dust
emissions during mining and processing activities,
ensuring a safer and healthier environment. Emission
control equipment are installed to minimise air pollution
from operations. Tailings storage facilities are managed
to safely store waste materials generated from ore
processing, preventing environmental contamination.
Comprehensive safety monitoring and emergency
response systems are in place to protect the workforce
and respond effectively to incidents.

Total Numbers:

4

Financial Statements

180

Safety and Environmental Control
Systems

Dust Suppression Systems

2.06

Statutory Reports

10.5

Corporate Overview

NMDC has invested in reliable utilities and support systems to ensure uninterrupted operations. This includes power
generation and distribution systems, such as a wind power capacity of 10.5 MW at Chitradurga in Karnataka, and
solar power installations of 395 KW in Chhattisgarh and 180 KW at Donimalai and 30 KW of rooftop solar power
capacity at NMDC Head office, Hyderabad. Water resources are managed sustainably through efficient water supply
systems and wastewater treatment plants. Advanced communication networks and IT infrastructure support NMDC’s
operations, enhancing coordination and data management.

Lakh

Cubic Meters Tailing Storage
Facilities at Panna

27

[p.32]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Natural Capital

NMDC is unwavering in its dedication to sustainable and environmentally
responsible operations. Recognising our activities' significant impact on
the environment and the communities we serve, we have implemented
a robust framework to guide our efforts in managing natural resources
effectively. Our multifaceted approach encompasses renewable
energy, water conservation, air quality control, waste management,
and biodiversity protection. By integrating cutting-edge technologies,
innovative practices, and community engagement, we aim to minimise
our environmental footprint while supporting the socio-economic
development of the regions in which we operate. Our commitment
extends beyond compliance with regulatory requirements; it involves a
proactive stance on environmental stewardship, ensuring that our growth
is harmonious with sustainability principles. Here is a detailed overview
of our initiatives and achievements in various aspects of natural capital
management.

28

[p.33]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

29

[p.34]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Renewable Energy
Efficient energy use is a cornerstone of
NMDC’s operations. We focus on harnessing
renewable energy sources to meet our
needs while minimising our environmental
footprint. As part of our thrust to tap
renewable energy sources, NMDC has
installed wind energy capacities and rooftop
solar power plants across various production
units. We conduct pre-feasibility studies to
further our renewable energy initiatives for
installing solar power projects on vacant
land at SIU, Paloncha, and DBM, Panthal.
Based on the pre-feasibility study reports,
NMDC will take appropriate action to install
suitable capacity solar power plants.

10.5 WM

Wind Energy capacity at
Chitradurga Karnataka

1.5 WM

Rooftop Solar Installations

Waste Management
Our waste management strategy is centred on
reducing, reusing, and recycling waste generated
during our operations. Over the past year, we have
made significant strides in minimising various types of
waste, including plastic, e-waste, biomedical, and other
hazardous and non-hazardous wastes. Key initiatives
during the year include the installation of organic
waste converters at our Kumaraswamy, Bacheli, and
Kirandul complexes, which facilitate the conversion of
kitchen and domestic waste into organic manure. These
efforts enhance our waste management processes and
contribute to environmental sustainability by promoting
resource efficiency and reducing our overall waste
footprint.

Effluent and Zero Liquid Discharge Management

FY24

FY23

NMDC has implemented a zero-liquid discharge
mechanism across its project sites, ensuring that all
effluents are treated and reused. This includes effluent
treatment plants and sewerage treatment plants at all
our complexes.
Emissions
NMDC is committed to reducing air pollution and
greenhouse gas emissions through various initiatives.

Scope 01

Scope 02

Scope 01

Scope 02

75217
MtCO2e

59150
MtCO2e

62562.14
MtCO2e

54111.14
MtCO2e

30

[p.35]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Corporate Overview

Biodiversity Protection
NMDC's diamond mining project in Panna operates near the Panna Tiger Reserve. The company adheres to strict
environmental monitoring and employs controlled blasting techniques to minimise impact. Regular consultations with
the National Tiger Conservation Authority ensure compliance and protection of the local wildlife.

₹17.53

Crore

₹56.56

Lakh

Contributed to the Chhattisgarh State Forest
Department for installing Krishna Kunjas at
Geedam, Barsur, and Dantewada.

₹18.90

Lakh

Contributed to the Chhattisgarh State Forest
Department for forest fire protection.

Crore

Contributed to the Chhattisgarh State Forest
Department in constructing engineering structures
for waste dump and surface water management in
and around the Bacheli Complex.

₹21.02

Lakh

Contributed to the Chhattisgarh State Forest
Department by distributing 125,000 saplings of
fruit-bearing species in villages in the Dantewada
district.

For More Details on NMDC’s Initiatives for
Enhancing the Natural Capital refer Directors’
Report Page.

31

Financial Statements

Contribution to the Karnataka Forest Department
for de-silting local water bodies of the Donimalai
Complex.

₹2.05

Statutory Reports

Key highlights of FY24

[p.36]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Our Value Chain

02
01

03

06

05
04

32

[p.37]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

01

Corporate Overview

EXPLORATION &
ESTIMATION

02

DEVELOPMENT &
EXCAVATION

Statutory Reports

03

PROCESSING &
BENEFICIATION

Financial Statements

04

LOADING & DESPATCH

05

MARKETING & SALES

06

CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY

33

[p.38]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Intellectual Capabilities

IT & Digital initiatives at NMDC
ERP Implementation, Digitalization, and
IT Infrastructure
In our continuous effort to improve digitalization and
innovation, we have rolled out dashboards for various
functionalities, including Material Modules, Quality
Management, Human Resource Management, and
Environment, Health, and Safety. Additionally, we have
launched an Ex-employee Portal - Samman and a
Vigilance Complaint Portal.
To enhance real-time data capture, we have integrated
the belt scales and weighbridges of plants in Donimalai
Mines, Kumaraswamy Mines, and Bacheli Mines with
SAP. We are progressing towards integrating automated
data capture for other mines as well. Furthermore, we
have launched a facial biometric recognition system for
attendance in Kirandul, Bacheli, and Donimalai and Head
Office, also integrated with SAP.

34

We are revamping our IT infrastructure and providing
seamless backup and support to ERP and other digital
initiatives through a Memorandum of Understanding
(MOU) with RailTel for implementing IT network
infrastructure. We are also working on further
automation for a digitalized environment, such as
implementing a Vendor Invoice Management System,
developing an E-Measurement Book, and integrating
SAP with the Fleet Management System and Hospital
Management System.

[p.39]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

IT Capabilities

• We created a structured digital database and
implemented software to prohibit insider trading
by M/s MSTC, providing necessary training to all
employees virtually.

• We have established a Remote Sensing & GIS
Laboratory for satellite-based geological mapping and
mineral exploration.

• Implemented the Hospital Management System
(HMS) across all project hospitals.
• We have implemented FortiClient, FortiAuthenticator,
and FortiSandbox to improve our security posture.
Additionally, we have upgraded the Barracuda Email
Security Gateway to a higher version.

• Network modifications were made at the Central
Wing and R&D Centre at Patancheru. We also
implemented a video conferencing setup at NMDC
RO, New Delhi, and NMDC HO, including wireless
ceiling mics, retractable monitors, video cameras,
and large displays.

Digital Capabilities
We have focused on digital transformation initiatives to
enhance efficiency, productivity, and safety:
• As part of our digital transformation, we have
enhanced our Fleet Management System (FMS) with
Proximity Awareness, Fuel Management, and Tire
Pressure and Temperature Monitoring modules.
• We have introduced Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS)
for Magnetic Surveys and Hyperspectral Remote
Sensing in mineral exploration. This advanced
technique helps estimate geological units and mineral
compositions.

Statutory Reports

• We have extended the Virtual Data Room hosted on
the cloud by M/s DCirrus for another year. The SAP
Data Centre migration from M/s CtrlS, Hyderabad,
to M/s Webwerks was completed with minimal
downtime.

Corporate Overview

We have taken several initiatives to strengthen our IT
capabilities:

• Technical support and assistance are being extended
to M/s RailTel to upgrade network infrastructure at all
our units.

Financial Statements

35

[p.40]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Intellectual Capabilities

Research & Development (R&D)

A strong Research and development wing plays a key
role in an organization's sustainable growth. NMDC R&D
Centre was established five decades ago in line with this
direction. Located in Hyderabad, the centre has evolved
into a robust, full-fledged R&D Centre, extending
technology support to NMDC’s in-house projects and
other organisations in India and abroad.
NMDC, India’s largest iron ore producer, has recently
set up a new research and development (R&D) centre in
Patancheru, on the outskirts of Hyderabad, to advance
innovation in mineral processing and sustainable steel
technology. This new facility inaugurated recently has
advanced laboratories and state-of-the-art instruments,
such as an automated mineral analyser and an automated
fusion bead-based X-ray fluorescence (XRF) analyser.

36

This ensures the precise and efficient characterisation
of various minerals.
The R&D Centre provides integrated solutions focusing
on the life cycle of iron ore and other minerals under
one roof. It has state-of-the-art testing facilities and a
multi-disciplinary team comprising geologists, chemists,
metallurgical, electrical, mechanical, and chemical
engineers to address every challenge.
With a legacy of over five decades serving the mineral
industries, NMDC R&D Centre has evolved to extend
its expertise for domestic and overseas clients in areas
such as mineralogical characterisation, elemental
analysis, bulk materials handling and storage, mineral
processing, agglomeration (pelletisation and sintering)

[p.41]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

and pyrometallurgy, hydrometallurgical extraction and
nanomaterials, and coal and coke characterisation.

Corporate Overview

The Centre collaborates with reputed educational
and research institutes in India and abroad to bridge
the knowledge gap in relevant fields. NMDC believes
in knowledge sharing and skill development and
encourages vocational training and apprenticeship for
undergraduate and postgraduate students.

Statutory Reports

The R&D Centre is compliant with ISO 9001:2015 (Quality
Management System), ISO 14001:2015 (Environment Management
System), ISO 45001:2018 (Occupational Health and Safety
Management System), SA 8000:2014 (Social Accountability), and
NABL accreditation for Chemical Laboratory. It is also recognised
by the Department of Scientific and Industrial Research (DSIR).

Financial Statements

Technical Capabilities
The R&D Centre at NMDC specialises in several key areas:
Characterisation of Ores/Minerals:
Utilizing advanced technologies to analyse and understand the composition and properties of various
ores and minerals.
Beneficiation of Minerals & Ores:
Developing processes to enhance the quality and value of extracted minerals and ores.
Characterisation of Iron Making Raw Materials & Extractive Metallurgy:
Focusing on the properties of raw materials used in iron making and the processes involved in
extractive metallurgy.
Bulk Materials Storage & Handling:
Improving methods for the efficient storage and handling of bulk materials.

37

[p.42]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Board of Directors

Shri Amitava Mukherjee

Chairman and Managing Director (Addl Charge)

Functional Directors

Shri Amitava Mukherjee
Director (Finance)

Shri Vishwanath Suresh
Director (Commercial)

Government Nominee Directors

Smt. Sukriti Likhi, IAS

Director, NMDC Ltd.,
& Additional Secretary and
Financial Advisor, Ministry of Steel,
Government of India

38

Shri Abhijit Narendra

Director, NMDC Ltd
Joint Secretary, Ministry of Steel,
Government of India

Shri Vinay Kumar

Director (Technical), Director
(Personnel) – Addl Charge
and Director (Production) Addl Charge

[p.43]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Corporate Overview

Independent Directors
Statutory Reports

Shri Vishal Babber

Chief Vigilance Officer

Company Secretary

Shri B. Vishwanath, IRSS

Shri A.S. Pardha Saradhi

Director

Chief Vigilance Officer

Director

Shri Sanjay Singh
Director

Financial Statements

Dr. Anil Sadashivrao Kamble

Executive Director & Company
Secretary

39

[p.44]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Senior Management

Shri K. Praveen Kumar

Shri M. Jayapal Reddy

Shri B Mohan Kumar

Shri Satyender Rai

Shri B Venkateswarlu

Shri Sanjeev Sahi

Shri Suresh Kumar Jain

Shri N Ramakrishna Prasad

Shri Rabindra Narayan

Executive Director
NSL, Nagarnar

Executive Director (DT)
Head Office, Hyderabad

Chief General Manager (R.E.D)
Head Office, Hyderabad

40

Executive Director
(RP & Environment)
Head Office, Hyderabad

Executive Director
BIOM, Bacheli Complex

Chief General Manager (IE&MS)
Head Office, Hyderabad

Executive Director
Head Office, Hyderabad

Chief General Manager
Kirandul Complex

Chief General Manager (Works)
BIOM, Bacheli Complex

[p.45]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Chief General Manager (Works)
BIOM, Kirandul Complex

Smt. G Priyadarshini

Corporate Overview

Shri Kishan Ahuja

Shri Padmanabha Naik

Chief General Manager
NCL, Raipur

Shri G S S V Suresh

Shri P. Ramaiyan

Statutory Reports

Chief General Manager (P&A)
Head Office, Hyderabad

Shri A. Bandopadhyay

Chief General Manager (Mech)
Head Office, Hyderabad

Shri Shivendra Bahadur Singh

Shri Pradeep Saxena

Chief General Manager (Mech)
BIOM, Bacheli Complex

Financial Statements

Chief General Manager (Electrical)
Head Office, Hyderabad

Chief General Manager (Prod.)
DIOM, Donimalai Complex

Chief General Manager (Personnel)
Head Office, Hyderabad

Shri M.Rajagopal

Chief General Manager
Slurry Pipeline

41

[p.46]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Board’s Report for the FY 2023-24
Dear Members,
Your Directors are pleased to present the 66th Annual Report on the performance of your Company, together with
the Audit Report and Financial Statements for the year ended 31st March 2024 and the Report thereon by the
Comptroller and Auditor General of India.

1.0

STATE OF COMPANY AFFAIRS & PERFORMANCE
HIGHLIGHTS
During the year under review, the Company has
recorded turnover of ₹ 21,294 crores, achieved
Profit Before Tax (PBT) of ₹ 8,012 crores and
achieved Profit After Tax (PAT) of ₹ 5,632 crores.

42

The major performance highlights are summarized
as under:•

The company achieved production of 45.02 MT as
compared to 40.82 MT during the previous year
thereby recording an increase of 10.29%. Further,
the company recorded sales of 44.48 MT as
compared to 38.22 MT during the previous year.

[p.47]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Turnover for the year under review was ₹ 21,294
crores as against ₹ 17,667 crores in the previous
financial year 2022-23.

•

Profit Before Tax (PBT) from continuing operations
(before exceptional item) was ₹ 8,295 crores
compared to ₹ 6,400 crores in the previous
financial year 2022-23.

•

Profit Before Tax (PBT) from after exceptional item
was ₹ 8,012 crores compared to ₹ 7,637 crores in
the previous financial year 2022-23.

•

Profit After Tax (PAT) was ₹ 5,632 crores compared
to ₹ 5,529 crores in the previous financial year
2022-23.

•

Net worth of the Company stood at ₹ 25,406
crores as on 31.03.2024 i.e. an increase of 13.77
% as compared to for the previous financial year
2022-23.

•

The Company declared an Interim Dividend of
₹ 5.75 per share in February 2024 and the same
was paid to the shareholders within the prescribed
timelines. Further, the company has also
recommended Final Dividend of ₹ 1.50 per share
for financial year 2023-24 subject to approval of
the shareholders in the Annual General Meeting.

•

Capital expenditure of ₹ 2,066 crore (including
₹ 187 crore incurred towards doubling of KK Line
from Kirandul to Jagdalpur) was incurred during
the year under review.

2.0 PHYSICAL PERFORMANCE
2.1

Production
Achievement

Product

2023-2024

2022-2023

Iron Ore (Million tonnes)

Percentage of
change

40.82

45.02

(+) 10 %

Particulars
Domestic Sales
3.1

c)

d)

2023-2024

38.22

44.48

(+) 16.38 %

Achievement
2022-2023

2023-2024

17,447.39

21,049.47

% of
change
(+) 20.65%

Achievement
2022-23

2023-24

Diamond
Sales (carats)

-

-

Value (₹ in crore)

-

-

Sales (tonnes)

-

-

Value (₹ in crore)

-

-

Sales (lakh units)

178.38

178.42

Value (₹ in crore)

6.08

6.25

Sales (In WMT)

1,88,988

2,40,125

Value (₹ in crore)

165.50

232.40

Sponge Iron

Wind Power

Pellet (In WMT)

43

Financial Statements

b)

2022-2023

% of change

Other Sales

Products
a)

Achievement

Value (₹ in crore)

Statutory Reports

3.0 SALES OF IRON ORE
Physical (in Million Tones)

Corporate Overview

•

[p.48]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

4.0 FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
4.1

Operating Results
Parameter

Achievement
2022-23

2023-24

Percentage
of change

Profit Before Tax (PBT)
(₹ in crore)

7,637

8,012

4.91%

Profit After Tax (PAT)
(₹ in crore)

5,529

5,632

1.86%

Net Worth (₹ in crore)

22,332

25,406

13.77%

Book value per share (₹)

76.20

86.69

13.77%

Earnings per Share (₹)

18.86

19.22

1.91%

There has been no change in the nature of business for the year under review.
4.2 Profit & Dividend
During the year under review, your Company has
earned profit before tax of ₹ 8,012 crores on a
turnover of ₹ 21,294 crores in comparison with
previous year’s achievement of ₹ 7,637 crores and
₹ 17,667 crores respectively.
The Company has declared 1st Interim Dividend
for FY 2023-24 @ ₹ 5.75 per share in the month
of February 2024 and the same was paid to the
shareholders within the prescribed timelines.
The total amount of payment towards 1st Interim

44

Dividend was ₹ 1685.10 crores out of which
₹ 1024.44 crores was paid to the Government of
India in respect of its shareholding of 60.79% in the
company.
Further, the Board of Directors has recommended
Final Dividend for FY 2023-24 @ ₹ 1.50 per share
in the month of May 2024, subject to the approval
of shareholders in the ensuing AGM.
4.3 TRANSFER TO RESERVES
The company proposed to transfer ₹ 3,000 crore
from net profit to General Reserve.

[p.49]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

4.4 MATERIAL CHANGES AND COMMITMENTS, IF
ANY, AFFECTING THE FINANCIAL POSITION
OF THE COMPANY WHICH HAVE OCCURRED
BETWEEN THE END OF FINANCIAL YEAR OF
THE COMPANY TO WHICH THE FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS RELATE AND THE DATE OF THE
REPORT: NIL

letter dated 14.08.2024 have given their comments
on the standalone and consolidated financial
statements of the Company for the financial year
ended 31.03.2024 under Section 143(6)(b) of
the Companies Act, 2013 and the Management’s
replies thereon, are respectively at
Annexure-IX(a) and IX(b) to this Report.

4.5 DEPOSITS

(c) SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
The Secretarial Audit Report for the FY 2023-24 as
done by M/s B.R. Agrawal & Associates, Practising
Company Secretaries. The Secretarial Audit Report
is enclosed to this report and it does not contain
any qualification, reservation or adverse remark.

4.6 OTHER DISCLOSURES
During the year, no application was made and
no proceeding is pending under the Insolvency
and Bankruptcy Code, 2016. Further, there was
no requirement for getting valuation done and
therefore, reporting for the same is not applicable.

8.0 NEW PROJECTS & BUSINESS DIVERSIFICATIONS:
In line with the Vision plan of augmenting its
Production & Evacuation capacity, technology
upgradation, diversification & value-added
products, NMDC has taken up many ambitious
projects. Action for new projects have been
initiated. During the financial year 2023-24, the
details of Projects undertaken by NMDC are
summarized as under:

5.0 INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEMS W.R.T. FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

6.0 (a) PARTICULARS OF LOANS, GUARANTEES AND
INVESTMENTS UNDER SECTION 186 OF THE
COMPANIES ACT, 2013
Necessary details in this regard have been
disclosed in the financial statements.
(b) PARTICULARS OF CONTRACTS OR
ARRANGEMENTS WITH RELATED PARTIES
DISCLOSURES

(c) MAINTENANCE OF COST RECORDS
Section 148(1) of the Companies Act, 2013
specifies the provisions of maintenance of
Cost Records of the company. The company
is maintaining such records as per Rule 4(2) of
the Companies (Cost Records and Audit) Rules
2014 under both regulatory and non-regulatory
services.
7.0

(a) STATUTORY AUDITOR’S REPORT
The Audit Report for both Standalone and
Consolidated Financial Statements for the year
2023-24 is unmodified and does not contain any
qualification, reservation or adverse remark.
(b) Comments of C&AG on financial statements
Comptroller & Auditor General of India (C&AG) vide

Ongoing Projects:

1.

Screening Plant III – Kirandul Complex

2.

Slurry Pipeline Project which includes facilities like
15 MTPA Slurry Pipeline from Bacheli to Nagarnar
along with 2.0 MTPA Ore Processing Plant at
Bacheli and 2.0 MTPA Pellet Plant at Nagarnar

3.

Doubling of KK line between Kirandul & Jagdalpur

4.

Additional Screening Line & up gradation of
existing downhill conveyor at Dep-5, Bacheli.

5.

Township Project at Kirandul

B.

Projects in pipeline:

1.

Screening Plant II- Donimalai Complex

2.

New crushing Plant and Downhill Conveyor system
at Dep-14 &11C

3.

Township project at Donimalai

Projects / Schemes for capacity expansion
To augment the production and to improve the quality
of product mix from Bailadila Sector, the schemes like
SP–III Kirandul, New Crushing Plant of Dep.14 & 11/C and
Downhill conveyor, additional screening lines in Bacheli,
Rapid Wagon Loading System (RWLS) at Kirandul etc.
are envisaged. Increasing the evacuation capacity being
a major area of focus for enhancing the life of mines, the
schemes like beneficiation plant at Bacheli & Kirandul
and Slurry pipeline from Bacheli to Nagarnar has been
taken up.
In Screening Plant-III project at Kirandul the site work
in packages like MRSS package, Dry Circuit (major
technological package), Wet Circuit and Rapid Wagon

45

Financial Statements

Disclosure on related party transactions forms
part of the Notes to the Financial Statement
(Standalone and Consolidated) of the company for
the financial year 2023-24. Further, the requisite
disclosure in Form AoC-2 is also annexed herewith.

A.

Statutory Reports

Necessary disclosure in respect of Internal Control
Systems and their adequacy has been made in
Annexure-C to the Independent Auditors’ Report
dated 27.05.2024 which forms part of the Annual
Report.

Corporate Overview

The company has not accepted any deposits
covered under Chapter-V of the Companies Act,
2013 during the year under review.

[p.50]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Loading System (RWLS) and Miscellaneous Building
packages are in progress. The overall progress of the
project is 55% as on 31.03.2024.
The upcoming scheme in Donimalai Complex includes
a Second Screening Plant of 7.0 MTPA capacity for
handling the ROM from both Donimalai & Kumaraswamy
mines in addition to the existing Screening Plant. NMDC
has obtained all the necessary statutory clearances like
Environment Clearance (EC), Forest Clearance (FC),
Consent to Establish etc. for the project. Tender for the
Main Technological Package is under finalization for
award of work.
The upcoming scheme in Kirandul is the Construction
of New Crushing Plant & Downhill Conveyor System for
Dep-14 & 11C, Kirandul- Environment Clearance is in
progress. Tender for the project has been floated and is
in evaluation stage.
Projects / Schemes to enhance evacuation capacity
To augment the evacuation capacity from Bailadila
sector, many projects & schemes are taken up like
doubling of KK line.
Doubling of KK line between Kirandul & Jagdalpur
(150.462 km) is being executed by Railways as a Deposit
work and overall progress for this work is 86.20%.
Doubling of 106 km rail line is already completed and
is in operation. Works are in progress in other reaches

46

and are expected to be completed progressively by FY
2024-2025. The completion of this project will augment
the evacuation capacity of Bailadila sector through
railway line from 28 to 60 MTPA.
NMDC has taken up an ambitious project of laying Slurry
pipeline from Bailadila to Nagarnar and further up to
Visakhapatnam. The capacity of the line is 15 MTPA and
this will be associated with facilities like beneficiation
plants at Kirandul & Bacheli, pellet plant at Nagarnar.
Laying of slurry pipeline between Bacheli and Nagarnar,
2.0 MTPA Ore Processing plant at Bacheli and 2.0 MTPA
Pellet Plant at Nagarnar is taken up in Phase-1 for
implementation.
Site development works of Ore Processing Plant (OPP)
at Bacheli and Pellet Plant at Nagarnar are completed
along with soil investigation studies. Work Orders are
already been issued for all packages like Slurry Pipeline
Laying, Slurry Pumping System, Technological Package
of Pellet Plant at Nagarnar and for Ore Processing
Plant at Bacheli, Main Receiving Substation and
Enabling works of Ore Processing Plant & Pellet Plant.
Construction activities are in progress at site. Around
58 km of pipeline line laying is completed. The overall
progress of the project is 57% as on 31.03.2024.
Township Facilities
In order to provide better facilities to the employees,
NMDC is in the process of constructing a residential

[p.51]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Corporate Overview

NMDC is also constructing a residential township of 677
units at Donimalai, Karnataka. Approval form Vijayanagar
Area Development Authority (VADA) awaited for
awarding the package.

Fleet Management System includes complete
software and hardware structure which is
designed for online live monitoring and control of
tracking devices, installed on the vehicle being
used for carrying out production activity in the
mine. The effective outputs from the system
are available to the user(s) online live for quick
monitoring and decision making. Long-Term
statistical reports can also be extracted for longterm management, planning and integration with
ERP (SAP).

Solar Power Projects
NMDC has concrete plans of production of 100 MTPA
Iron Ore by the year 2030 as a part of the National Steel
Policy.
As a part of the thrust to tap renewable energy sources,
NMDC installed wind energy of about 10.5 MW at
Chitradurga, Karnataka State and a 1.5 MW rooftop solar
power plants in various production units.
Further as a step forward, Pre-Feasibility Studies
are being taken up for installation of the solar power
projects on vacant land available at SIU, Paloncha and
at DBM, Panthal. Based on the Pre-Feasibility Study
Reports, NMDC will take appropriate action to install
Suitable capacity Solar Power Plants.
Initiatives for Technological upgradation
1.

Fleet Management System for BIOM Bacheli &
Kirandul Complex
As part of digital transformation to set the
legacy in mining sector and increase efficiency,
productivity and safety, State of the Art

The different modules of FMS are as follows:
1)

High & Low Precision FMS Guidance System

2)

Proximity Awareness System

3)

Fuel Management System

4)

Tyre Pressure & Temperature Monitoring System

5)

Fatigue Monitoring System

6)

Crusher Utility Management

7)

Health Monitoring System

NMDC had issued Letter of Intent (LoI) to M/s. Amnex
Infotechnologies Private Limited Ahmedabad for the
work of “Implementation of Fleet Management System
at BIOM-Bacheli Complex and BIOM-Kirandul Complex
of NMDC Limited” at a total contract price of ₹ 47.08 Cr,
on 27.09.2021.

47

Financial Statements

Technology driven Fleet Management System
(FMS) is being implemented at BIOM Bacheli
Complex and BIOM Kirandul Complex.

Statutory Reports

township of 365 units at Kirandul, Chhattisgarh. The
construction work is in progress. The overall progress of
the project is 20% as on 31.03.2024.

[p.52]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Letter of award of Contract has been issued on
04.10.2021. The time line for completion of all modules
of FMS including Health Monitoring System has been
extended (4th Time Interim Extension) up to 03.05.2024.
Physical Progress of work at BIOM Kirandul Complex:
Overall physical Progress of work at Kirandul Complex
is 97.10%. With the temporary Wi-Fi provided at Dep-11B
Service Centre area, Dumper Platform area, equipment
live data is fetching in to FMS servers and module wise
reports are updating automatically without any manual
intervention.

The work for integration of all the real time relevant
belt scales Dispatch data with on real time basis
has been is under testing at Bacheli and Kirandul
Complex and likely to be completed by July’24.
3.

Crushing Plant & DH-14 of Kirandul Complex was
commissioned in the year 1966 and the existing
electrical control system for process is based
on Relay Logic Circuit (RLC). The system was
initially supplied by M/s YASKAWA, Japan and is in
operation till date and has become obsolete.

Physical Progress of work at BIOM Bacheli Complex:
Overall physical Progress of work at Bacheli Complex
is 94.30%. With the temporary Wi-Fi provided at Dep-5
and Dep.10&11A Service Centre area, Dumper Platform
area and Dep.5 Mines (limited area), equipment live
data is fetching in to FMS servers and module wise
reports are updating automatically without any manual
intervention.

In view of the digital transformation drive, in mining
sector and to increase the efficiency, productivity,
storage of historic data in easily retrievable format,
improve reliability of operation, having diagnostics,
centralized control and integration with other
plants & ERP (SAP HANA) work has been taken
up to upgrade the system from RLC to latest DCS
automation system.

The Subject Work requires permanent Wi-Fi mesh
network in the proposed area of Implementation, for
which ERP Department of NMDC is taking necessary
action.
2.

LAC No. HO (Contracts)/ DSICT/PLC/CP14 & DH14/
KDL/ 2022/ 895/252 dated 20.09.2023 on M/s
Ardee Engg Pvt Ltd, Hyderabad. The shutdown
related work will be taken up in lean period
during monsoon. The work will be completed by
September 2024.

Automated Capturing of Production & Dispatch
data on real time basis from OCSI Plant Belt
Scales of Kirandul, Bacheli & Donimalai Complex
In order to reduce human interference, increase
productivity, utilize manpower efficiently, storage
of historic data in easily retrievable format,
improve reliability of operation, having diagnostics,
centralized control and integration with ERP (SAP
HANA) the proposal was taken up as part of first
phase of digital ERP initiative in each OCSL Plant of
Kirandul, Bacheli & Donimalai Complex. Integration
of all the real time relevant belt scales Production
data with a centralized web based SCADA server
on real time basis has been completed on 23rd
Oct’23 in all control rooms of OCSL plants and
integration with ERP dashboard done at Donimalai,
Bacheli and Kirandul complexes.

48

Replacement of existing Relay Logic Circuit (RLC)
with Automation System (DCS) in Crushing Plant
& Downhill D-14 of BIOM Kirandul Complex

4.

Replacement of existing Relay Logic Circuit (RLC)
with Automation Distributed Control System
(DCS) and upgradation of LTMCC to IMCC of SP-1
of BIOM, Kirandul Complex.
The existing electrical control system for process
in Screening Plant-1 of Kirandul Complex is based
on Relay Logic Circuit (RLC). The system was
commissioned in the year 1966 and which is vital
part of process plant to supply processed and
sized Iron ore to final dispatch yard of Loading
Plant.
Complete refurbishment of all Switchgears,
different types of cables, LTMCC, up gradation of
RLC with latest automation has been taken up in
two phases.
(a)

Regarding replacement of LTMCC to IMCC
panels, A/T No. HQMM/1018-21/1100000342/
1582 dtd 25.01.2023 issued to M/s Nocle
Systems, Panels have reached and installed.
SCADA installation and IMCC panels items
testing & commissioning are under progress.
The shutdown related work will be taken up in
lean period during monsoon. The work will be
completed by August 2024.

(b)

The second phase of work is regarding DCS
(Distributed Control System) PLC automation
in place of existing RLC (Relay Logic Control)
system at SP-1. For DCS automation of SP-1.

[p.53]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

LAC No. HO (Contracts)/Automation/ SP-I/
KDL/RT/2022/883/243 dated 29.05.2023
on M/s Adarsha Control & Automation,
Bangalore. All items of DCS & Drive Panels
installation has been completed. Connection
and testing under progress. The shutdown
related work will be taken up in lean period
during monsoon. The work will also be
completed by August 2024.
9.0 OVERSEAS PROJECTS / NMDC GLOBAL
Legacy Iron Ore, Perth, Australia
Legacy Iron Ore Ltd (Legacy) is an ASX-listed
mineral resources company based in Perth,
Western Australia, focusing on gold, iron ore and
base metals. NMDC has 91.38% equity in the
company. Legacy holds 24 prospective tenements
across its Mount Bevan, South Laverton, and East
Kimberley project areas in Western Australia. The
tenements are in various stages of exploration for
a host of commodities, including iron (1), gold (20),
base metals and tungsten (3).

Additionally, to further underpin the future
potential and strategic importance of the Mount
Bevan tenement, Legacy signed a joint venture
agreement for lithium and other minerals with
Hancock in June 2023. Currently, Legacy has
a 55.5% interest in the asset. The Agreement
formalizes terms for Hancock to earn-in to all
non-iron minerals, focusing on the exploration and
development of lithium and other critical minerals.
The South Laverton Project includes Mount
Celia, Yilgangi, Yerilla and Patricia North gold
assets. Mining Lease for Mount Celia Gold Project
has been granted by the Western Australian
Department of Mining Industry Regulation and
Safety (DMIRS) in the first half of 2023. Mount
Celia has a declared JORC-compliant Mineral

The Yilgangi and Patricia North tenements are
in the early to mid-stage of exploration maturity.
Yilgangi has a Mineral Resource of 10,000 ounces
but can potentially develop as a satellite gold
deposit for Mount Celia’s operation.
The East Kimberley Project is 350 kms south of
Kunnunura, Western Australia. It includes Koongie
Park, Sophie Downs, Ruby Plains and Taylor
Lookout tenements, known to host prospective
geology for base metals, gold, rare earth elements
(REE) and tungsten mineralisation. The East
Kimberley tenements are in the early stages of
exploration, with first- pass drilling for base metal
exploration completed.
International Coal Ventures Pvt. Ltd. (ICVL)
ICVL, a joint venture company of SAIL, RINL &
NMDC, acquired a coking/thermal coal mine in
Mozambique in 2014 and operation of the same
was taken over by ICVL. NMDC holds 26% stake in
ICVL. Benga mine, one of the operational asset of
ICVL, has produced about 1.24 Milion tons in FY’24
(Both low ash &high ash) and exported 1.31 Million
Tons.

49

Financial Statements

Legacy signed a Joint Venture (JV) Magnetite
Agreement with Hancock Magnetite Prospecting
Ltd (Hancock) to complete a pre-feasibility study
(PFS). Under this arrangement, Hancock will
invest and undertake the developmental works
in Mount Bevan Project. Currently, Legacy has a
42% interest in the asset. After completing the
pre-feasibility studies, Legacy will retain a 29.4%
interest in Mount Bevan JV.

Legacy has commenced Gold mining operations
in Mt. Celia Gold Project on 5th November, 2023
and first sale of ore has been done in March
2024. Legacy has entered into an Ore Purchase
Agreement (OPA) with Paddington Gold Pty
Ltd. The ore is being hauled to the Paddington
processing, with payment initiated on the first
delivery of each ore parcel. The average grade
and recovery is being determined from Grade
Determination Activities (GDA) undertaken by
independent drilling contractors and analytical
laboratories. The life of a mine for the first phase
of mining is approximately 14 months. Resource
definition drilling is planned to increase confidence
in the Inferred mineral resource and extend the life
of the Mt. Celia Gold Operation mine.

Statutory Reports

The Mount Bevan Project in Western Australia
is of strategic importance to Legacy. It endows
a significant magnetite Mineral Resource of
1.17 billion tonnes at 34.9% Fe (JORC Inferred
& Indicated). The project has been the focus of
considerable investment, with approximately
21,000 meters of reverse circulation (RC) and
3,000 meters of core drilling for iron ore (haematite
and magnetite) and nickel exploration.

Resource of 312,600 ounces at 1.39g/t Au
supported by 30,173 meters of RC drilling and 1,150
meters of core drilling.

Corporate Overview

Australia

[p.54]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

10.0 LEASES FOR MINERALS
10.1 lron Ore
lron Ore Mining Leases:
Your Company is having Five Iron Ore Leases in Chhattisgarh and two Iron Ore Leases in Karnataka. The
present status is as under :In Chhattisgarh
Sl. No.

Name of Mining Lease

Area in Ha

ML Validity

1

Bailadila Deposit-11 (A,B & C)

874.924

10/09/2037

2

Bailadila Deposit-14

322.368

11/09/2035

3

Bailadila Deposit-14NMZ

506.742

06/12/2035

4

Bailadila Deposit-5

540.05

10/09/2035

5

Bailadila Deposit-10

309.34

10/09/2035

Area in Ha

ML Validity

In Karnataka
Sl. No.

Name of Mining Lease

1

Donimalai Iron Ore Mines

597.54

03/11/2038

2

Kumaraswamy Iron Ore Mines

639.80

17/10/2042

10.2 Diamond Mining Leases:
Your Company is having Two Leases at Panna Diamond Mining Project Madhya Pradesh. The details of leases
are as follows:
Sl. No.

Name of Mining Lease

Area in Ha

ML Validity

1

MML (Main Mining Lease)

113.332

14.07.2025

2

SML (Supplementary Mining Lease)

162.631

30.06.2040

Your Company has recommenced mining operations from 11.03.2024 after obtaining favorable judgement from
Hon’ble Supreme Court of India and Environmental Clearance from MoEFCC.
10.3 Coal Mines

II Forest Clearance (FC), permission for Railway
siding, & obtained NoC for ground water
abstraction and has appointed Mine Developer and
Operator (MDO) to undertake mining operation.

The status of coal mines allotted to NMDC Ltd. is
as under:
a)

Tokisud North Coal mine (non-coking coal mine):

NMDC has made payment to the State
Government for transfer of Govt. land from
previous allottee (~48Ha) & out of the Ministry
of Coal vested freehold land in 102 deeds due to
procedural issues on purchase of land by previous
allottee under Chota Nagpur Tenancy Act, 1908,
95 deeds has been cancelled. Hence, NMDC
initiated land acquisition under Coal Bearing
Area (Acquisition & Development) Act, 1957 &
Notification under Section 4 has been issued on
21.02.2024. NMDC plans to start mining operations
by the last quarter of FY 2025-26.

The coal mine was allotted on 17.08.2020, with
project area of 585Ha. NMDC has obtained
transfer of Environment Clearance (EC), Stage

b)

Rohne coal mine (Coking coal mine):
The coal mine was allotted on 18.06.2021. The
mine comprises of 1,245 Ha area, out of which

50

[p.55]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

77 and established mineable reserve of 340 Million
tonnes.

In the area to be explored (420 Ha), NMDC has
issued LoI to MECL for exploration, obtained
transfer of Stage I FC, compliance to Stage I FC
submitted & paid NPV charges. Exploration activity
would start after issuance of Stage II FC, which
has been delayed due to linking of the FC Stage I
compliance to mining area condition and recently
MOEF&CC has delinked Stage I FC conditions.

Your Company is putting efforts and pursuing
the matter with Ministry of Mines, Govt of India
through MoS, GoI for reservation of Malangtoli
Iron Ore Block in favour of NMDC where detailed
exploration was carried out by NMDC. Due to
continuous persuasion by your Company, Ministry
of Mines, Govt of India sent a letter to Govt of
Odisha on 04-01-2022 regarding their comments
on the instant proposal and observation made by
IBM, Nagpur.

10.4 Your Company has applied for various minerals
in different State for Prospecting and Mining
Operations, which are as follows:
1.

Odisha
Malangtoli Iron Ore Deposit

NMDC vide letter dated 12/12/2023, requested
Chief Secretary Govt. of Odisha (with a copy to
MoM & MoS, GoI) to send a positive response to
Ministry of Mines, GoI letter dated 04/01/2022, so
that prior approval to Malangtoli Iron Ore Block can
be provided by MoM, GoI.
A meeting was held on 02/02/2024 at MoM, GoI,
under the Chairmanship of Hon’ble Secretary,
MoM, GoI related to the reservation blocks under
Section 17A of MMDR Act, 1957. Hon’ble Secretary,
MoM, GoI gave his consent to discuss the matter
with GoO regarding reservation of Malangtoli Iron
Ore Block in favour of NMDC Limited.

51

Financial Statements

Your Company has carried out detailed exploration
of Malangtoli Iron ore deposit, Odisha during 1972-

Director (Mines), Govt. of Odisha vide letter
dated 6.10.2022 requested NMDC to provide the
information for reservation of Malangtoli Iron Ore
block (B, F & G Blocks) over an area of 39.03 sq.
kms under section 17 A (1A) for grant of Mining
Lease. Against the above communication of DMG,
Odisha, NMDC vide letter dated 25.10.2022 has
submitted the information as sought and requested
DMG, Odisha and Ministry of Mines to reserve
the said Malangtoli Iron Ore block under Section
17A (1A) of MMDR Act, 1957 for grant of mining
lease as the applied area was already explored by
NMDC.

Statutory Reports

In the explored area, NMDC has obtained transfer
of EC, Stage I FC. Out of ~97 Ha of land vested
by Ministry of Coal, the State Tribunal has
restored most part of the land & the same has
been challenged in Hon’ble High Court of Ranchi.
For acquisition of entire land (including restored
land), NMDC has initiated land acquisition under
Coal Bearing Area (Acquisition & Development)
Act, 1957 & Notification under Section 4 has been
issued on 12.12.2023. On Stage II FC in Mining
area, compliance of Stage I FC has been submitted
and NPV charges of 95.6 crore has been paid
& compliance of additional query is in progress.
The request for modification of Compensatory
Afforestation land related condition in Stage I FC
to special provisos of PSU has been rejected by
MoEF&CC. NMDC has applied for Govt. land for
Compensatory Afforestation land & the same is in
progress and NMDC plans to start operation by
first quarter of FY 2026-27.

Corporate Overview

825 Ha has been explored & 420 Ha is yet to be
explored.

[p.56]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

CMD, NMDC vide letter dated 27/02/2024
requested MoM, GoI (with a copy to Mos, GoI) to
take up the matter with GoO for reservation of
Malangtoli Block.

Your Company vide letter dated 13/12/2023
requested the Secretary, MRD, Govt. of
Chhattisgarh to take up the matter with Ministry
of Mines, Govt. of India regarding enhancement
of the maximum area limit for Iron Ore Mining
Lease from 50 Km2 to 100 Km2 in the State of
Chhattisgarh under first proviso of section 6 (1) (b)
of MMDR Act, 1957.

As discussed in the meeting held on 02/02/2024
regarding Section 17A, MoM, GoI sent 4th reminder
letter to GoO on 27/02/2024 for requisite
information/comments from GoO.

On 18/01/2024 MRD, Govt. of Chhattisgarh
forwarded the proposal to DMG, GoCG.

Rakma Iron Ore Deposit
Your company has applied for Rakma Iron Ore
deposit vide letter dated 14/11/2023 to MoS, GoI
has submitted the Rakma Iron Ore Composite
Licence Blocks Reservation Proposal located in
Keonjhar and Sundergarh District, Odisha applied
under Section 17A of MM(D&R) Act, 1957.

Jheriya Diamond Block
Your Company submitted a proposal to NMET
on 06/07/2022 for G4 level Diamond Exploration
at Jheriya Block, Janjgir-Champa Districts,
Chhattisgarh.

On 14.03.2024, MoS, GoI asked NMDC to submit
reply on various queries related to the NMDC
applied Rakma Iron Ore Block. NMDC submitted
the reply to MoS, GoI on 16.03.2024.

NMET, MoM, Govt. of India vide letter dated
20.09.2022 sent the final allocation order of
Jheriya Block for carrying out regional diamond
exploration with a time line of 18 months at an
estimated cost of ₹ 2.46 Crores.

Your Company is putting efforts and pursuing the
matter with MoS, GoI for reservation of Rakma
Iron Ore Block in favour of NMDC. Matter is under
consideration with MoS, GoI.
2.

In the 23rd SGPB meeting dated 22/09/2023 at
Raipur, the work progress details related to Jheriya
block was also discussed.

Maharashtra

EPMA study of 22 samples completed and
Discriminant plot for various minerals are
generated which show negative results. Geological
report prepared and submitted for external peer
review as suggested by NMET, MoM, GoI. Work
progress of the Jheriya block was reviewed in
the 63rd TCC meeting of NMET on 22/03/2024.
As asked, NMDC vide letter dated 28/03/2024
submitted the utilization certificate of Jheriya
Block to NMET.

Karampalli Iron Ore and Damkodi-Metta Iron Ore
Blocks
Your company vide letter dated 30/09/2023 has
applied two Iron Ore Blocks Karampalli (21.81)
Sq.Km and Damkodi-Metta (24.68) Sq.Km. in
Gadchiroli District, Maharashtra to MoS, GoI for
reservation under Section 17A of MMDR Act, 1957.
MoS, GoI vide Office Memorandum dated
20/11/2023 sent the NMDC reservation proposal to
Ministry of Mines, Govt of India.
Your Company is putting efforts and pursuing
the matter with Ministry of Mines, Govt of India
through MoS, GoI for reservation of above two Iron
Ore Blocks. A meeting was held on 02/02/2024
at MoM, GoI, under the Chairmanship of Hon’ble
Secretary, MoM, GoI related to the reservation
blocks under Section 17A of MMDR Act, 1957.
Secretary, MoM, GoI remarked in the meeting to
examine the proposals of Damkodi_Metta Iron Ore
Block & Karampalli Iron Ore Block in light of the
legal provisions.
Based upon the queries raised by MoM, GoI,
NMDC submitted the reply to MoS, GoI on
28/02/2024 for onward submission to MoM, GoI.
MoS, GoI forwarded the reply of NMDC to
MoM, GoI on dated 18/03/2024. Matter is under
consideration with MoM, GoI.
3.

Chhattisgarh
Iron Ore Mining Lease Area Enhancement

52

4.

Karnataka
Ramandurg Iron ore Block
During the SGPB meeting of Karnataka held on
04/10/2023, discussed regarding reservation of
Ramandurg Iron Ore Block under Section 17A of
MMDR Act, 1957. Further, on 5th October, 2023
NMDC Officials met Director (Department of
Mines and Geology) and discussed regarding the
reservation of Ramandurg Iron Ore Block. Director,
DMG assured to take decision in this regard.
Our company has submitted a proposal on
28.05.2024 to MoS, GoI, for reservation of
Ramandurg Iron Ore Block under section 17A of
MMDR Act. 1957 for an area of 4.79 sq.kms for
grant of mining lease in favour of NMDC Ltd for
non-captive purpose. Queries of MoS in this regard
were clarified by NMDC. MoS, GOI forwarded the
proposal to MoM, GOI on 18.06.2024.
Lithium
Your company has submitted a proposal to the
Director, DMG, Govt of Karnataka to reserve 24.95

[p.57]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Sq.km area for Lithium and other associated
elements in Raichur District, Karnataka under
Section 17 (A) of MM (D&R) Act, 1957 for grant of
prospecting and mining operation. Director, DMG,
GoK vide letter dated 22/07/2022 favourably
recommended to the Sectretary, Government
(MSME & Mines), Commerce & Industries Dept.,
GoK for consideration and obtaining prior approval
of Govt.of India to reserve in favour of NMDC for
grant of prospecting & Mining operation.

5.

Andhra Pradesh
Gold and Associated Elements

Jerella Bauxite Block

Chigargunta-Bisanatham gold block
Your Company had secured the Letter of Intent
(LOI) on 07.10.2022 for Chigargunta-Bisanatham
Gold block through the Mineral Auction of Andhra
Pradesh held in July, 2018.
NMDC had progressed with the project after
making the upfront payments as per the Auction
Guidelines. On completion of Joint DGPS Survey
of the Gold Block and the revised Pre-feasibility
report with the actual land types, it was noted that
there is major variation in the land types vis-a-vis

Madhya Pradesh
Your Company signed Tripartite MoU with
GoMP (MRD through DGM) & Madhya Pradesh
State Mining Corporation Limited (MPSMCL)
on 27.10.2016 for “Geological & Geophysical
Exploration in various districts of M.P.” for a period
of five years.
GoMP vide Gazette Notification granted 12 Nos.
of blocks covering an area of 7292 Sq.Kms in
Panna, Chhatarpur, Damoh, Katni, Jabalpur, Sidhi,
Singrauli, Sagar and Tikamgarh districts in July2017 for a period of four years.
GoMP vide Gazette Notification granted an
additional 12 Nos. of blocks for Diamond
Exploration covering an area of 408.68 Sq.
Kms in Panna, Chhatarpur, Damoh districts in
September-2018 for a period of five years. GoMP
extended the validity of MoU with NMDC for a
period of three years upto 26/10/2024.
NMDC submitted the GRs of 12 initially allotted
blocks to GoMP in August,2022. A total of 9 blocks
(7 Diamond and 2 Iron Ore) were relinquished
and surrendered to GoMP. NMDC retained one
Diamond block (Damoh), one iron ore block (SidhiSingrauli block) and one block for various minerals
(Jabalpur-Katni block).The retained blocks will also
be surrendered to GoMP as discussed in APM held
in May-2023.The Geological Reports are prepared
and are ready to be submitted to GoMP. All the 12
additional Diamond blocks will be relinquished and
surrendered to GoMP.

10.5 NMDC-CMDC Limited (NCL)
NMDC-CMDC Limited (NCL) is a Joint venture
Company of NMDC Limited and CMDC Limited
with a share capital ratio of 51% and 49%
respectively. The present status of all the projects
of the Company is as follows
Iron Ore
Bailadila Deposit-4
Ministry of Mines, GOI has reserved Bailadila Iron
Ore Deposit-4 an area of 646.596 Ha in favour
of NMDC-CMDC limited (NCL) under section
17A (1A) of MMDR Act, 1957 vide their Gazette
notification no. 697(E) dated 30/09/2019 for a
period of 05 years for prospecting and mining
operation. MRD, GoCG has issued LOI for grant
of ML vide letter dated 26/06/2021 in favour of

53

Financial Statements

Your Company has applied for Korukonda
(Jerella) Bauxite block over an area of 9.90
Sq.km in Alluri Sitharama Raju district (Earstwhile
Vishakhapatnam District) to Ministry of Steel, Govt.
of India for reservation under Section 17 (A) of MM
(D&R) Act, 1957 vide letter dated 27/10/2023. Vide
letter dated 04/01/2024, MOM, GoI has enquired
some information from MOS related to reservation
of the applied block. On, 12/01/2024, NMDC Ltd.
has submitted the information/relevant documents
to MoS, GoI. On 16/01/2024, the same was
forwarded by MoS, GoI to MoM, GoI for further
course of action.

6.

Statutory Reports

Your Company has applied for Peravali – Betapalli
in Kurnool & Ananthapur Districts: Rajagollapalli
in Chittoor District and Konetirajupalem -Kundam
block in Nellore District for Gold and associated
elements. NMDC has requested State Govt. to
reserve these blocks in favour of NMDC under 17A
of MM (D&R) Act, 1957 for Prospecting & Mining.
The matter is being pursued with Govt. of A.P.

Additionally, the project had several uncertainties
impacting capex and thus making the gold Project
marginal with significant downsides. The company
decided to surrender the LOI to DMG of Andhra
Pradesh and has communicated the same in
December 2023.

Corporate Overview

Director, DMG, GoK has conducted a meeting
with AMD, GSI & NMDC on 28/08/2023 to discuss
on exploration of Lithium bearing pegmatites in
Raichur District, accordingly GoK reserved this
area in favour of GSI by notifying in the State
Gazette as per Rule 67(1) of Minerals (other than
Atomic and Hydro Carbons Energy Minerals)
Concession Rules, 2016. Once the exploration is
completed, the State Govt will further proceed for
allotment of block for Mining Lease.

the auction tender Document.

[p.58]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

NCL for five years. The Mining Plan of Dep-4 has
been approved by IBM, Raipur on 24/09/2021. NCL
has applied for obtaining environment clearance
under Environment Protection Act, 1986 and Forest
Clearance under Forest Conservation act, 1980.
Terms of Reference (ToR) for Industry-1 sector
(ancillary activities outside ML area) issued on
21/02/2022 and for Mining sector (mining activities
inside ML area) issued on 11/03/2022 for obtaining
environment clearance. Ecological studies, flora
& fauna studies completed on 31/05/2022. Draft
EIA/EMP report submitted to CECB, Govt. of
Chhattisgarh for public hearing on 31/03/2023.
Gram Sabha for acquisition of private revenue land
held on 25/04/2023. Land acquisition application
for village Bhansi and Porokameli along with
requisite fee towards service charge of Land
Acquisition, Administrative cost of Rehabilitation
and Resettlement and cost for social impact
assessment study submitted on 25/05/2023.
District Collector, Dantewada has issued
notification under section 4 of LARR Act, 2013 for
SIA studies on 26/05/2023. Preliminary notification
in accordance with the provisions of sub-section
(1) of section 11 of LARR Act, 2013 issued by
District Collector, Dantewada on 24.08.2023.
Details of the affected families, assessment for
resettlement etc. for the Villages Bhansi and
Porokameli is provided by the Land Acquisition
officer, Bade Bacheli on 28.02.2024 for preparation
of Rehabilitation & Resettlement (R & R) plan.
Forest application for forest diversion proposal
is registered vide Registration no. FP/CG/
MIN//146694/2021 dated 16/06/2022. Forest
Department has made available required degraded
forest land for Compensatory Afforestation in the
Forest ranges of Marwahi and Janjgir-Champa.
DGPS Survey report of 846.296 Ha degraded
forest land in Janjgir-Champa Forest division
submitted to DFO, Janjgir-Champa on 19.04.2023,
CA scheme prepared and submitted. DGPS survey

54

report for 530.302 Ha degraded forest land for
Compensatory Afforestation at Marwahi forest
division was submitted to DFO, Marwahi on
08.05.2023. Revised forest diversion proposal for
a revised area of 682.2722 Ha (570.100 Ha inside
ML area + 100.077 Ha outside ML area + 12.0952
Ha Bade Jhad ke jungle) along with 44-point check
list submitted to DFO, Dantewada and updated
in PARIVESH Portal on 29.04.2023. Biodiversity
Conservation Plan and Soil Water & Moisture
Conservation Plan for Tree Fern area approved
by PCCF and Member Secretary, Chhattisgarh
State Biodiversity board on 21/08/2023. Wildlife
Conservation Plan approved by PCCF (Wildlife
and Biodiversity Conservation) cum Chief
Wildlife Warden on 25.09.2023. Forest diversion
proposal forwarded to MoEFCC, New Delhi online
through Parivesh Portal by State Government on
02/02/2024 & hard copies submitted to MoEFCC,
New Delhi on 06/02/2024.
MRD, GoCG, Raipur has reserved Dep-4 in favour
of NCL for 50 years under section 8A(2) & 17A(2A)
of MMDR Act 1957 (as amended) and Rule 73(1) of
MCR, 2021 on 05.05.2022.
Bailadila Deposit -13
Mining Lease was granted for Bailadila Iron Ore
Deposit-13 over an area of 413.745 Ha in favour
of NMDC Limited for 50 years order no. by State
Govt. of Chhattisgarh vide no. F3-84/05/12 dated
07.01.2017 lease deed for the same was executed
on 10/01/2017 over an area of 315.813 Ha.
As per JV agreement dated 27 March 2007 by and
between CMDC and NMDC Ltd., mining lease of
Bailadila Iron Ore Deposit-13 has to be transferred
in the name of NMDC-CMDC Limited (NCL) and
then NCL will undertake all the required steps for
development and operation of the Mine. Further,
mining lease grant order no. F3-84/95/12 dated
07.01.2017 in respect of Deposit-13 issued by State
Govt. of Chhattisgarh, stipulate that ‘after the

[p.59]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

execution of lease deed, NMDC will transfer the
mining lease to the JV Company NMDC-CMDC
Limited’.

MoEFCC, GOI, has accorded transfer of
Environmental Clearance in name of NMDC-CMDC
Limited from NMDC on 12/12/2019. Final FC under
Section 2(ii) of Forest Conservation Act 1980 was
granted over an area of 315.813 Ha. in favour of
NMDC Limited by MoEF&CC on 09/01/2017. Action
has been initiated for transfer of existing FC in
favour of NCL. CECB granted approval to NCL for
consent to Operate 2 MTPA on 27/04/2019.

NCL vide letter no. NCL/HO/Dep-13/ML/2022/1014
dated 14/02/2022 has again requested Under
Secretary, MRD, GoCG for providing suitable
decision in the matter of lapsing of mining lease,
so as to start the development and operation of
Deposit-13. Also, NCL vide letter no. NCL/HO/Dep13/ML/2022/1015 dated 14/02/2022 has requested
Dy. Secretary (Forest), GoCG for providing suitable
decision in the matter of cancelling the Stage-II
forest clearance of Deposit-13, so as to start the
development and operation of Deposit-13.
Performance security has been renewed by
another five years as per Mine Development and
Production Agreement (MDPA) on 05/11/2022.

Financial Statements

District Administrator, Dantewada issued orders to
stop all project activities of Dep-13 on 11/06/2019
due to protest by local villagers against MDO
and demanding enquiry against FRA certificate
issued by Gram Sabha. Forest Department, GOCG,
Raipur has issued show cause notice to NMDC
for cancelling the Stage-II Forest clearance of
Deposit-13 on 06/03/2020 considering the report
of District Administrator, Dantewada to nullify the

NCL vide letter no. NCL/HO/Dep-13/
ML/2020/833/01 dated 25/03/2021 has submitted
₹ 1,00,000/- (₹ One Lakh) towards revival of
mining lease of Bailadila Iron Ore Deposit-13 under
Rule 20(5) of MCR (other than atomic and hydro
carbons energy minerals) 2016.

Statutory Reports

The Revised Mine Plan of NCL was approved
by IBM, Raipur on 06/03/2019 for a capacity
of 10 MTPA. The validity of the Mining Plan of
Deposit-13 was up to March 2021. Hence, Revised
Mining Plan for the period 2021-26 has been
prepared by NMDC and the same was approved by
IBM Raipur on 12/01/2021.

MRD, Govt. of Chhattisgarh has issued a notice to
NMDC-CMDC Limited (NCL) for lapsing the Mining
Lease of Deposit-13 for non-commencement of
mining operation within 2 years from grant of
mining lease under Rule 20(3) of MCR 2016 on
05/03/2020. NMDC-CMDC Limited (NCL) has
submitted the reply to the MRD, GOCG against
the notice issued for lapsing the Mining Lease
of Deposit-13 for non-commencement of mining
operation within 2 years from grant of mining lease
under Rule 20(3) of MCR 2016.

Corporate Overview

Mineral Resources Department, Govt. of
Chhattisgarh, has issued an order no. F3-84/95/12
dated 06/11/2017 for transferring the mining lease
of Bailadila Iron Ore Deposit-13 in favour of NMDCCMDC Limited. Mining Lease of Deposit-13 has
been transferred in favour of NMDC-CMDC Limited
(NCL) on 04/12/2017. On 02/07/2018 M/s. Adani
Enterprises Limited has been appointed as MDO
for Bailadila Iron Ore Deposit-13.

Gram Sabha proceedings. NMDC-CMDC Limited
(NCL) has submitted the reply to the Forest
Department, Govt. of Chhattisgarh against the
show cause notice issued for cancelling the StageII Forest clearance of Deposit-13.

55

[p.60]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

The Board of NCL in its 48th meeting held on
27/07/2021 has decided to constitute a HighLevel Sub Committee to assess the possible
ways and means to commence the mining
operations from Bailadila Iron Ore Deposit No-13
and make its recommendation to the Board for its
consideration. In the 49th board meeting of NCL
held on 28/10/2021, after detailed deliberation on
the recommendations of the Board level subcommittee has instructed to get the views of
Legal Department / Advocate General, Govt. of
Chhattisgarh on the matter.
A legal opinion is sought from the Advocate
General, Govt. of Chhattisgarh on 09/02/2022
in which it is suggested to terminate the MDO
contract. Further, on 07/06/2023 a legal opinion
was sought from the Attorney General of India
by which it is suggested to terminate the MDO
contract.
The Board of NCL in its 51st meeting held on
03.06.2023, after detailed deliberation on the legal
opinion of Attorney General of India has decided
to issue show cause notice of termination of IMSA
to M/s Adani Enterprises Limited. Accordingly, a
show cause notice of termination, legally vetted by
the Attorney General of India, issued to M/s Adani
Enterprises Limited on 11/07/2023 and notice of
termination of IMSA, legally vetted by the Attorney
General of India, issued to M/s Adani Enterprises
Limited on 28/08/2023.
M/s Adani Enterprises Limited has issued notice
for invocation of Arbitration against the termination
notice on 10/01/2024.
Baloda - Belmundi Diamond Block
Ministry of Mines, GOI vide G.S.R.744(E) dt
14.10.2021 granted reservation of Baloda-Belmundi
Diamond Block for PL or ML in favour of NMDCCMDC limited under section 17A(1A) of MMDR Act,
1957. NCL vide letter dated 13.01.2022, submitted
application to Secretary, MRD, GoCG for grant of
Prospecting License for Baloda-Belmundi Diamond
Block.
MRD, GoCG, Raipur vide letter dated 28.04.2022
has issued LOI for grant of Prospecting License
for Baloda-Belmundi Diamond Block (156.80 sq.
km) under Rule 17A(1A) of MMDR Act 2015 (as
amended) in favour of NMDC-CMDC Limited for
three (3) years.
The Company has submitted permission letter from
forest department for carrying out prospecting
work in 33.23 sq.km forest area of BalodaBelmundi Diamond block and affidavit to work in
revenue land with due consent of land owner and
asked MRD, GoCG to issue final grant order for
Prospecting Licence of Baloda-Belmundi Diamond
Block on 20.05.2022.

56

MRD, GoCG, Raipur vide letter dated 02.01.2023
has issued final grant order for Prospecting
Licence of Baloda-Belmundi Diamond Block.
The Company has submitted Scheme of
prospecting for Diamond Exploration in BalodaBelmundi Diamond Block to IBM, Raipur and Mining
Officer, Mahasamund, GoCG on 06.01.2023. PL
deed of Baloda-Belmundi Diamond Block with
GoCG on dated 28.02.2023 and the same is
registered on dated 01.03.2023.
District Collector, Mahasamund vide letter dated
26.05.2023 has given permission to NMDC-CMDC
Limited to start the prospecting work. First phase
of exploration (Stream Sediments Sampling)
completed in the allotted block from 08.05.2023 to
09.05.2023.
The following exploration works have been
completed:
•

31 Stream Sediments Samples Collected.

•

Geritz Jigs units established at Saraipalli
Camp, where all 31 Stream Sediments
Samples were processed. Further, Heavy
Minerals Separation from process samples
through Tetra Bromo Ethane (TBE) completed
at our R & D, Hyderabad. Microscopic sorting
work completed at Panna Exploration Camp.
Mounting and Polishing work of the sorted
microscopic grains competed and slides will
be sent to Banaras Hindu University (BHU) for
EPMA studies.

•

69 Soil Samples collected and will be
analysed.

•

58 ground magnetic survey work completed
and suspected Kimberlite pipe noticed based
upon the survey. Drilling will be carried out in
the suspected Kimberlitic zone.

Bailadila Deposit No.1
The Company has submitted proposal to the
Secretary, MRD, GoCG NMDC vide letter dated
16/06/2021 requested Chief Secretary, Govt. of
Chhattisgarh for reservation of Bailadila Deposit
No. 1 in favour of NMDC under Section 17A of
MMDR Act, 1957.
Ministry of Steel, Govt. of India vide D.O No:
S-28016/26/2020-NMDC, dated 03/08/2021
requested Chief Secretary, Govt. of Chhattisgarh
for reservation of Bailadila Deposit No. 1. Further,
after a meeting held between the State Govt. of
Chhattisgarh and NMDC, Govt. of Chhattisgarh
decided to reserve the said block in favour of
NMDC-CMDC Ltd. (NCL).
NMDC-CMDC Ltd. (NCL) vide letter dated
06/10/2021 submitted the proposal to Secretary,
MRD, GoCG. MRD, GoCG with recommendation

[p.61]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

forwarded the proposal to MoM, GoI vide letter
dated 24/11/2021.

A meeting was held on 02/02/2024 related to
reservation of Mineral Blocks under Section 17A
of MMDR Act, 1957, under the Chairmanship of
Hon’ble Secretary, Mines, GoI, where NMDC on
behalf of NCL raised the rejection issue related
to Bailadila Deposit No. 1 and mentioned that at
present the PL Limit in the State of Chhattisgarh
is 100 Sq. Km and ML limit is 50 Sq. Km and
requested MoM, GoI to kindly consider the
proposal of NCL. Hon’ble Secretary, MoM, GoI
gave his consent to review the Bailadila Deposit
No.1 proposal in the meeting.

Bailadila Deposit No. 3 & 8
The Company has submitted proposal to the
Secretary, MRD, GoCG NMDC vide letter dated

NMDC-CMDC Ltd. (NCL) vide letter dated
25/10/2021 submitted the proposal to Secretary,
MRD, GoCG. MRD, GoCG, vide letter dated
19/04/2022 forwarded the proposal with
recommendation to MoM, GoI.
MoM, GoI vide Office memorandum dated
18/05/2022 sought information from MoS, GoI
related to Bailadila Deposit No.3 & 8 (18.15) Sq.Km.
NMDC vide letter dated 07.06.2022 sent its reply
to MoS, GoI.
A meeting was held on 02/02/2024 at MoM, GoI,
under the Chairmanship of Hon’ble Secretary,
MoM, GoI related to the reservation blocks under
Section 17A of MMDR Act, 1957. Hon’ble Secretary,
MoM, GoI gave his consent to examine the
proposal of Bailadila Deposit No. 3 & 8.
NMDC Ltd. vide letter dated 29/02/2024
requested MoM, GoI (with a copy to MoS, GoI &
MRD, GoCG) to consider the reservation proposal
of the said block under Section 17A of MM(D&R)
Act, 1957. Matter is under consideration with MoM,
GoI.

Statutory Reports

NMDC vide letter dated 03/02/2024, submitted a
representation letter to the Secretary, MoM, GoI
to consider and revive the Bailadila Deposit No.1
proposal for reservation under Section 17A for
undertaking prospecting operations followed by
mining operations. Matter is under consideration
with MoM, GoI.

Ministry of Steel, Govt. of India vide D.O No:
S-28016/26/2020-NMDC, dated 03/08/2021
requested Chief Secretary, Govt. of Chhattisgarh
for reservation of Bailadila Deposit No. 3 & 8.
Further, after a meeting held between the State
Govt. of Chhattisgarh and NMDC, Govt. of
Chhattisgarh decided to reserve the said block in
favour of NMDC-CMDC Ltd. (NCL).

Corporate Overview

MoM, GoI rejected the proposal on 04/07/2022
by mentioning that both NMDC as well as CMDC
jointly or individually has exceed area limit
prescribed for ML that is 10 Sq.Km. NMDC vide
letter dated 08/09/2023 requested GoCG (with a
copy to MoM & MoS, GoI) to take up the matter
with MoM, GoI for resolving and reservation of
Bailadila Deposit No. 1 in favour of NMDC-CMDC
Ltd. (NCL).

16/06/2021 requested Chief Secretary, Govt. of
Chhattisgarh for reservation of Bailadila Deposit
No. 3 & 8 in favour of NMDC under Section 17A of
MMDR Act, 1957.

Financial Statements

NMDC team planned and acquired Magnetic Data using Drone Magnetics over Panna Diamond Mine (Majhgawan)

57

[p.62]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

10.6 NMDC spearheads Drone Based Mineral
Exploration:
As per the Digital Initiatives of Government of India
and with a view to be an enabler and flag bearer
of technological prowess in mineral exploration,
it was envisaged to introduce Unmanned
Aerial System(UAS) with Magnetic Survey and
Hyperspectral Remote Sensing for the first time in
India for Mineral Exploration.
NMDC is a Nodal Exploration Agency like
Geological Survey of India. Nowadays with
the depletion of surfacial deposits, the use of
Geophysical tools / surveys have become a
necessity. Hyperspectral Remote Sensing is a
powerful exploration and mapping technique
in areas where geological units and mineral
compositions can be estimated from spectral
features of the electromagnetic spectrum in the
visual and infrared range.
NMDC has been using softwares like Mission
Planner, Geometrics, Geosoft Oasis Montage,
Hyperspec-III and ENVI softwares for Drone
based Mineral Exploration. Recently, NMDC team
of Geoscientists have flown over part of Sidhan
Manganese-Fe Block in Jabalpur, Madhya Pradesh
for Drone based Magnetic data acquisition. With
this, NMDC has also become the first Mining
Company in the world to collect Drone based
magnetic data over a mechanised Diamond Mine.
This distinction was possible over Majhgawan
Diamond Mine in Panna District, Madhya Pradesh.
The findings based on the Hi-tech surveys /
algorithms / models generated by the Unmanned

58

Aerial System (UAS) Hyperspectral and Magnetics
would be helpful in generating various “synthetic
models”/ locating promising mineralized areas and /
or mineral findings. These findings would be useful
to the Mineral Industry / State Governments.
10.7 Joint Fast Track Translatory project of NMDC and
National Geophysical Research Institute (NGRICSIR) on Game Changing Ore Beneath Ore:
Multi-parametric approach for delineating
concealed high-grade iron ore beneath the
Bailadila Block, Chhattisgarh and Donimalai Block,
Karnataka: implications on future game-changing
exploration in India using Ore-beneath-Ore
Concept.
This type of innovative studies has been used in
some of the giant iron ore deposits of the world
like Mount Tomprice in Hamersley, Western
Australia; Tabazimbi in South Africa; Carajas & Iron
Quadrangle in Brazil. This type of study would be
attempted for the first time in India.
The ore bodies of hypogene hydrothermal origin
may continue at great depths and may occur as
‘Hidden Iron Ore Bodies’ beneath unmineralized
Banded Iron Formation – BHQ (BIF) cover and
the grade of ore may increase down depth. The
hypogene processes of the ore genesis model
may predict possible Hidden Iron Ore beneath the
BIF as patches and extensions of ore bodies at
greater depth and help in resource augmentation.
The project would be fully funded by NGRICSIR. Further, the team has already collected
characteristic samples from Donimalai Iron Ore
Mine in Karnataka.

[p.63]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

11.0 SUBSIDIARY / ASSOCIATE / JOINT VENTURE (JV) COMPANIES MONITORING FRAMEWORK
a)

NMDC has 5(five) subsidiaries and stake in 4(four) Associate and 4(four) JV Companies. The names of these
Companies and percentage of NMDC stake in these companies are as follows:

NMDC Ltd.

95.86%

J&KMDC Ltd.

91.38%

Legacy Iron Ore Ltd.,
Australia

100%

100%

Associate Companies
Krishnapatnam
Railway Co. Ltd.

25.94%

International Coal
Ventures Pvt. Ltd.

25%

Romelt-SAIL (India)
Ltd.*

26%

Chhattisgarh Mega
Steel Ltd.

51%

NMDC-CMDC Ltd.

60%

Jharkhand
National Mineral
Development
Corporation Ltd.

52%

Bastar Railway
Private Ltd.

50%

Kopano - NMDC*
Mineral (Pty.) Ltd.

Karnataka Vijaynagar
Steel Ltd.

NMDC CSR Foundation
NMDC SARL *

* Under closure.
The subsidiaries of NMDC are Board managed with the primary interest to manage such Companies in the best
interest of the shareholders. The framework for Subsidiary / Associate / JV Companies are as under:i)

All investments in these Companies are approved / authorized by the Board of Directors.

ii)

The Company nominates its representatives on the Board of these Companies.

iii)

The minutes of the Board meeting of these Companies are placed before the Board of NMDC Limited.

Notes:
Subsidiary / Associate / Joint Venture Companies have been categorized in line with disclosures as made in the
financial statements.

59

Financial Statements

6.40%

Statutory Reports

100%

JV Companies

Corporate Overview

Subsidiaries

[p.64]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

12.0 Environment Management
1.

2.

Consent to Establish & Consent to Operate

Environmental clearances

a)

Your company has obtained following
Environmental Clearances from Ministry of
Environment, Forest and Climate Change, New
Delhi.

Your company has obtained following consent
to Establish (CTE) and Consent to Operate
(CTO) from respective State Pollution Control
Boards Chhattisgarh / Karnataka.

b)

Extension of validity of Consent to Establish
for Iron Ore Mine – 12 million Tonnes /Year
to 19 million Tonnes/Year obtained for SP-III,
Kirandul from Chhattisgarh Environmental
Conservation Board on 13.4.2023.

c)

Consent to Establish for SP-II, Donimalai for
10 MTPA capacity obtained from Karnataka
Pollution Control Board on 19.10.2023.

d)

Consent to Establish for Kumaraswamy Iron
Ore Mine for 10 MTPA capacity obtained from
Karnataka State Pollution Control Board on
10.1.2024.

e)

Consent to operate for Railway Siding Cum
Dispatch Facilities at Kumar Marenga for
Capacity 10 LTPA obtained from Chhattisgarh
Environmental Conservation Board on
9.10.2023.

f)

Consent to operate obtained from
Chhattisgarh Environment Conservation
Board on 2.1.2024 for Rapid Wagon Loading
System (RWLS) for the capacity of 4,000
Tones/Hour.

a)

Green field project i.e 10.00 MTPA standalone
Screening cum Beneficiation Plant -II at
Donimalai from MoEFCC on 13/09/2023.

b)

Capacity expansion of Kumaraswamy Iron
Ore Mine from 7.00 to 10.00 MTPA and waste
excavation from 1.6 to 6.25 MTPA from
MOEFCC on 10/7/2023.

c)

Diamond Mining Project, Panna has obtained
favorable judgement from Hon’ble Supreme
Court of India on 10/1/2024 for continuation
of mining operations at Diamond Mining
Project which is located inside Gangau
wildlife sanctuary of Panna Tiger Reserve.

d)

e)

60

Main Mining Lease of Diamond Mining
Project, Panna for total excavation of 13.90
LTPA (ROM kimberlite ore @ 8 LTPA and
Overburden removal @ 5.90) obtained from
MOEFCC on 22.2.2024.
Supplementary Mining Lease of Diamond
Mining Project, Panna for 0.72 LTPA Over
burden removal and processing of Kimberlite
ore @ 8 LTPA for production of 1.00 lakh
carats of Diamonds per annum obtained from
MOEF&CC on 22.2.2024.

3.

Forest clearances
Your company has obtained following Forest
Clearances from Ministry of Environment, Forest
and Climate Change, New Delhi.

[p.65]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

4.

a)

Diversion of 53.67 Ha forest land for
construction of Screening Plant-II at
Donimalai Iron Ore Mine final forest clearance
obtained from MoEFCC on 10.07.2023.

b)

Diversion of 96.868 Ha forest land outside
mining lease aera of DIOM (ML No.2396)
Stage-I Forest Clearance obtained from
MoEFCC on 21.11.2023.

6.

Contributed ₹ 56.76 lakh to Chhattisgarh
State Forest Department for installation
of Krishna Kunjas at Geedam, Barsur and
Dantewada.

7.

Contributed ₹ 9,85,120 to Chhattisgarh
State Forest Department for implementation
of Green Skill Development Scheme in
Dantewada District.

a)

Certified compliance report obtained from
Ministry of Environment and Forests Climate
Change (MoEF&CC), Sub-Office, Raipur
on 28.11.2023 for the expansion project
of Bailadila Iron Ore Mine, Deposit-5 for
the conditions stipulated in environmental
Clearance letter no. J-11015/261/2007-IA.
II(M) dated 23.7.2007.

8.

Contributed ₹ 21,02,400 to Chhattisgarh
State Forest Department for distribution of
125000 saplings of fruit bearing species in
villages of Dantewada district.

9.

Contributed ₹ 18.9 lakh to Chhattisgarh State
Forest Department for protection of forests
from fires.

Environmental Initiatives for the year 2023-24.
Donimalai:
Commissioning and installation of 02 nos of
CAAQMS in the Kumaraswamy Iron Ore mine
for round the clock monitoring of air quality.

2.

Organic waste converter of 1000kg/capacity
per day for scientific conversion of domestic/
kitchen waste to organic manure.
Distributed jute bags on the occasion
of World Environment Day-2023 for
discouraging the single use plastic in the
township.

4.

RO rejection water is being used in boating
pond which is the best alternative use of
rejected water by RO.

5.

Contributed ₹17.53 Crore to Karnataka Forest
Department for de-silting of local water
bodies of Donimalai Complex.

Bacheli Complex:
1.

Renovation of 02 installed CAAQMs in the
Deposit-5 and Deposit-10 Mines for round the
clock monitoring of air quality.

2.

Regular operation and maintenance of SLRM
Centre at CWS for scientific conversion of
domestic/kitchen waste to organic manure.

3.

Installation of CEMS in NMDC-Apollo Central
Hospital for regular monitoring of air quality
from Incinerator.

4.

Disposal of legacy recyclable Bio Medical
Wastes (glass bottles & IV fluids etc) through
SMS Water grace Enviroprotect Pvt Ltd,
Raipur-Chhattisgarh.

1.

Procurement of 09 nos. of CAAQMS for BIOM,
Kirandul Complex is under progress.

2.

Organic waste converter of 50 kg/day for
composting of kitchen waste to manure.

3.

Distributed jute bags among employees,
housewives and school students on the
occasion of World Environment Day-2023 to
care about the environment and committed
to sustainability.

4.

Installed ETPs (10 KLD) in HEM, 11B
Workshop, 11C Workshop, 14 Workshop and
Hospital ETP (35 KLD).

5.

03 MLD capacity STP commissioned in
Township.

6.

Discharge water of ETPs and STPs are being
used for gardening and horticulture purpose.

13.0 Public Disclosure of Site Closure & Rehabilitation
related activities
1)

Measure to address or avoid significant
environmental or landscape impacts:
The environmental attributes, which are likely to be
affected in the region, are land use, topography,
water resources, soil, air quality, socio-economic
status, ecology, and public health.
Measures to address some of the environmental
aspects are as follows:
(i)

Land use: Land reclamation and rehabilitation
along with the plantation will be done during
the closure of the mine.

61

Financial Statements

3.

Kirandul Complex:

Statutory Reports

1.

Corporate Overview

Contributed ₹ 2.05 crores to Chhattisgarh
State Forest Department for the construction
Engineering structures for waste dump
management and Engineering structures for
surface water management in and around
Bacheli Complex.

Certified Compliance Report (CCR)
Your company has obtained following certified
compliance report (CCR) for the following project

5.

5.

[p.66]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

(ii)

Topography: The mining would marginally
affect the overall view of the area, but will
grossly modify the local topography of the
mined area at the end of mining. The course
of the present natural drainage system will
not be affected due to the present and future
mining operations. Several environmental
protective measure like buttress wall, garland
drain, check dams, settling ponds etc. are
being constructed in and around the mining
area to arrest the foreign material for further
restricting the natural water to be polluted.

(iii)

Air Quality: The control measures adopted
at all of our mines to ensure the ambient Air
Quality Standards are as follows:

•

Proper maintenance of the heavy earth
moving machinery and vehicles.

•

Regular water sprinkling over the haul road
as well as over mine benches is being carried
out by water sprinklers of higher capacities.

•

Haul roads are graded regularly to clear
accumulation of loose materials & kept wet
with water sprinkling.

•

Wet drilling during primary & secondary
drilling.

•

Use of sharp drill bits for drilling holes.

•

Blasting is carried out with optimum charge.

•

Avoiding blasting during high windy periods.

•

Avoiding excess filling of dumper &
consequent spillage on the road.

•

Dust suppression has been installed in
crushing plant, downhill conveyor, stockpiles,
loading plant areas etc. Dust suppression by
atomized spray in primary crusher.

•

The dry fog dust suppression system shall be
continued at different transfer points during
the non-monsoon season.

•

Covering of conveyors & using under chutes
at all the transfer points.

•

The screening plant is housed in a huge GI
sheet enclosure, which acts as a good shield
for the prevention of dust particles escaping
out of the plant building.

•

Barrier plantation is being done at various
places in the townships areas such as along
roadsides, parks and colonies etc.

(iv)

Water Quality: The following control
measures to arrest water pollution :

•

Every year before onset of the monsoon desilting of Check dam & Check bunds is being
done to arrest the overflow of the silt into
the Nallah. Regular water sampling is being
done every year during winter period, premonsoon period, monsoon period and post
monsoon period.

•

Rain water run-off from the waste dumps in
the mine is well treated using check dams
and buttress walls to arrest the silt load and
thereby reducing the impact on the water
quality.

•

In order to mitigate the impact on local water
bodies, Buttress walls and garland drains
constructed around the dumps to prevent the
flow of slime into the natural water course.

•

Effluents generate from the service centre
and auto workshop are being treated in
Effluent Treatment Plant (ETP). The outflow/
treated water being used for green belt
generation.

(v)

Noise Levels: Higher noise levels may be
generated due to mining operations such
as drilling, blasting, and excavation. The
following are some protective measures:

•

Workers working in highly noise-prone areas
are provided with ear muffs or ear plugs as
a safety precaution, and workers are not
allowed to enter into noise-prone areas
without the use of ear masks.

•

Personal Protective Equipment (PPEs) like ear
muffs and ear plugs are provided to all the
employees and workers operating in mines
and plant areas.

•

Noise-proof & dust-proof cabins are provided
for all HEME with air-conditioners.

•

To isolate employees from noise and dust,
sound proof cabins are installed in crushing
and screening plants.

•

Fog canons provided at Loading plant for
suppression of dust.

•

•

Fixed water sprinklers in the loading plant
areas are provided and maintained.

Proper and periodical maintenance of HEM
machinery.

•

•

Covering of all stock piles.

•

Creating green belt around the perimeter of
all the plants.

Noise levels are controlled by using optimum
explosive charge, proper delay detonators,
use of shock tubes and proper stemming to
prevent “blow-out”.

•

Ensuring good housekeeping within plant
premises.

•

The speed of dumpers is limited to a
moderate speed of 25 Kmph.

62

[p.67]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

•

•

In order to mitigate the noise source, rubber
linings are provided to the vibrating screens,
chutes, and feeders at raw material transfer
points.

2)

(vi) Energy Efficiency Measures:
The following measures are being adopted:
Solar Cell Sensor Switches and Solar Lights
are provided.

•

Solar heaters/solar devices are in use at
hospitals, canteens, buildings, and parks.

•

Energy-efficient motors have been installed
in the Screening Plant.

•

Power generation through a downhill
conveyor.

•

Leakages of oil, fuel, or lubricants are
plugged. Used oil, batteries, and cotton
waste are collected and sold through
authorised agencies.

Before closing of any of the Mines, we are abiding
to submit the Final Mine Closure Plan (FMCP) in
well advance (Two years prior to the closure of
mines) as per the extant provisions of Mineral
Conservation and Development Rules-2017 to
carry out all the reclamation and rehabilitation
programme. By complying the FMCP, NMDC will
undertake all the reclamation and rehabilitation
activities to return the degraded land into its
original surface.

Solar panels will be installed on the roof of
field offices, stores, OCSL plant structures
and conveyors depending on feasibility and
advancement of technology.

(vii) Ground Vibration:
The following measures are undertaken to
contain the Peak Particle Velocity (PPV) due
to blasting within the permissible limits.
Proper blast design;

•

Avoiding excess confinement of charges;

•

Number of blast holes per delay shall be kept
one;

•

Proper stemming of holes shall always be
carried out;

•

Blasting is avoided during foggy whether and
when wind velocity is more than 25 km/hour;

•

Shorter stemming lengths of less than 2/3rd
of burden distance is avoided to reduce
overloading of holes and also to control fly
rock;

•

Blasting operations are carried out only
during day time as per statutory requirement;

•

A safe distance of about 500-m from centre
of blasting is maintained; and During blasting,
other activities in the immediate vicinity are
temporarily suspended.

•

Further, the existing afforestation also helps
in reducing the noise and vibration level to
some extent.

We are always work to emerge as a Global
Environment Friendly Mining Organization
committed to rehabilitate land to minimize negative
impacts and maximize benefits.
3)

Reporting on closure plan implementation and
site rehabilitation
All the operating Mining Leases are submitting
the Mining Plan along with Progressive Mine
Closure Plan (PMCP), reviewed and updated in
every five years period to Indian Bureau of Mines
for obtaining approval. In accordance with the
approved Progressive Mine Closure Plan, all the
Mines are operated with a close view to ensure all
the protective measures are taking care.
Two years prior to closure of any of the Mines,
we are abide to submit the Final Mine Closure

63

Financial Statements

•

Further, as per Mineral Conservation and
Development Rules -2017, we are submitting
Financial Assurance in the form of Bank Guarantee
for due and proper implementation of the
Progressive Mine Closure Plan contained in the
Mining Plan or Final Mine Closure Plan as the
case may be @ ₹ 5.00 Lakh per Hectare of the
mining lease area put to use for mining and allied
activities.

Statutory Reports

•

All the operating Mining Leases are submitting
the Mining Plan along with Progressive Mine
Closure Plan (PMCP) reviewed and updated in
every five years period to Indian Bureau of Mines
for obtaining approval. In accordance with the
approved Progressive Mine Closure Plan, all the
Mines are operated with a close view to ensure all
the protective measures are taking care.

Corporate Overview

NMDC has an Environmental Policy with a
commitment to protect the environment. NMDC
makes genuine efforts to control pollution and
meet statutory requirements. Further, all the
Iron Ore Mining Complexes have got separate
Integrated Management System (IMS) Policy
(comprising of ISO 9001:2015, ISO 14001:2015, ISO
45001:2018 and SA 8000:2014). The certifications
to NMDC Ltd have been accorded by the external
agency “Bureau Veritas” for the scope of “Mining
and Processing of Iron Ore”.

The transfer points all along the downhill/
uphill conveyor are provided with proper
rubber lining to reduce the noise generation.

•

Commitment to rehabilitate land to minimize
negative impacts and maximize benefits:

[p.68]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Plan (FMCP) in well advance as per the extant
provisions of Mineral Conservation and
Development Rules-2017 to carry out all the
reclamation and rehabilitation programme. By
complying the FMCP, NMDC will undertake all the
reclamation and rehabilitation activities to return
the degraded land into its original surface.

Our Environment policy is supported by ISO
14001 implemented at Bacheli, Kirandul and
Donimalai mines. The environment management
system available at different projects is audited
by a third-party auditor in every three years. We
have a specialised environmental management
team on all our project sites with environmental
domain experts. It reaffirms our commitment to
resource conservation, fugitive emission reduction,
minimising operational environmental impacts, and
raising environmental management knowledge
among staff members and the local community.
We are always in close collaboration with institutes
of repute such as Indian Council for Forestry
Research and Environment (ICFRE), IIT-ISM
Dhanbad, NIT- Raipur and VNIT–Nagpur.

Before starting the Final Mine Closure activities,
we will also inform to MoEF&CC as a prior
information.
We are also submitting the half yearly compliance
report to MoEF&CC and Environment Statement to
Pollution control board annually.
We are reporting to Indian Bureau of Mines (IBM)
via Annual Return along with the Drone Survey
Data (Mining Lease along with the periphery of 100
metre outside the Mining Lease) which includes
the details of Reclamation and Rehabilitation
during the previous year.
4)

These institutions are engaged to seek
consultation and enhance our capabilities
in Environment protection. Our approach
to Environmental Stewardship outlines our
commitment to sustainable mining. We are aware
of the impact our business operations have on
the environment and the stakeholders involved
in the process. This framework of interlinked
environmental focus areas guides us in effectively
managing our environmental impacts. For
each focus point, we have a dedicated internal
management protocol. These pillars were identified
through the means of rigorous peer assessment
and present disclosure requirements. This charter
is intricately linked to our environmental policy,
linking our growth model with sustainability.

Closure Plans regularly updated
All the Progressive Mine Closure Plans are
reviewed and updated in every five-year period
along with the Mining Plan for further obtaining
approval from Indian Bureau of Mines (IBM).

5)

Community involvement in closure planning
As the project commences and the closure
planning process continues, stakeholder
consultation and participation will be required.
Consultation will enable stakeholders, including
Government Departments , Non-Government
Organizations, surrounding land owners, local
communities, company management and
employees an opportunity to provide input into the
Mine Closure Planning Processes.

During the Final Closure of all the mines also, we
will take the help of various institutions, multiple
stakeholder engagement, effective monitoring and
evaluation to execute environmentally and socially
responsible mine closures in a time bound and
strategic manner.
6)

Commitment to set aside sufficient funds to
cover closure and rehabilitation
The “Mine Closure Obligation Scheme” was
voluntarily launched by NMDC in the 2009–10
fiscal year. Currently, NMDC is paying INR 21.00
per tonne of ore excavated and depositing the
money with LIC to be used for carrying out
the Mine Closure Plan’s related tasks, such as
reclaiming damaged lands, stabilising waste
rock dumps, demolishing and reforestation of
built-up areas, etc. The total fund with LIC as on
31.03.2024 is INR 1310.98 Cr.

7)

Managerial responsibility for land closure and
rehabilitation
The responsibility for the implementation of
the Conceptual Mine Closure, Reclamation &
Rehabilitation Management Plan of all the Mines
rests with the Management Team at different

64

[p.69]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Project of NMDC. Internal reporting requirements
are being outlined by the Management at different
projects and are delegated to the relevant staff.
All the closure activities, reclamation &
Rehabilitation plan are being executed as per the
approved Progressive Mine Closure Plan.
Further, during the Final Mine Closure , all the
closure activities will be taken care as per the
approved Final Mine Closure Plan.

(Severity Rate = Mandays lost per 100000
Mandays worked).
OHS Activities:
Occupational Health Services have been provided
with adequate manpower and infrastructure and
are functioning in full-fledged manner at all the
Projects, headed by Qualified Doctors trained in
OHS at Central Labour Institute, Mumbai.
Periodical Medical Examination under statute is
carried out regularly in all the projects.

NMDC has its training centers in all its projects.
They are equipped with infrastructure as required
under Mines Vocational Training Rules. These
centers cater to the needs of basic training,
refresher training and training for skilled workers
and also for those injured on duty.

NMDC strives to ensure that workers are not
exposed to occupational hazards that negatively
affect their health. NMDC also has well equipped
hospitals with capable medical teams available
24/7 to support the health & well being of the
workers & the surrounding community.

Health & Safety continue to be our priority with
employees & contractual workmen at our Projects
adhering to the SOPs & Safety norms. NMDC
appreciate that safety is a journey & is committed
to continually improve its performance and set
high standards.

Integrated Management System (IMS) Comprising
of Quality Management System (QMS) - ISO
9001:2015; Environmental Management System
(EMS) – ISO 14001:2015; Occupational Health
& Safety Management System (OHSMS) – ISO
45001:2018 & Social Accountability - SA 8000:2014
Certification Standards.

In each mining project of NMDC sufficient number
of Workmen Inspectors are nominated/appointed
for Mining operations, Mechanical and Electrical
installations as per statutory requirements for
carrying safety inspections.
Mine Level Tripartite Safety Committee Meetings
(MLTSCM) are being conducted once in a year
at Project Level with Senior Officials, Union
Representatives and DGMS Officials in which
Safety Performance and its appraisal are made and
the recommendations are implemented.

Safety Committees have been constituted in every
operating mine and Pit Safety meetings are held
every month for discussing the safety matters and
corrective actions related to work atmosphere.
In order to ensure that safety systems are up
to date & also comply with the latest safety
regulations, a cross-project Internal Safety Audit
has been started in NMDC.
Safety Management System has been
implemented in all our Mines. Risk Assessment
studies are being conducted regularly.
NMDC provides extensive safety training
programmes to inculcate safety habits & mindset
at work to its employees. Behavioral based safety
training is also given to the employees.

15.0 IMPLEMENTATION OF INTEGRITY PACT:
With the objective of improving transparency
in procurement, NMDC had entered into MOU
with Transparency International India for
implementation of Integrity Pact Programme
during September 2007. NMDC is the first Mining
Navratna Company which entered into Integrity
Pact Programme in the year 2007.
Initially, the threshold value for procurement &
contracts for entering into the Integrity Pact have
been fixed as follows: Contracts		

: ₹ 50.00 crores

Procurements

: ₹ 15.00 crores

To widen the coverage of procurements / contracts
under Integrity Pact, the threshold limits have been
revised during 2009 as under:
Contracts		

: ₹ 20.00 crores

Procurements

: ₹ 10.00 crores

Subsequently, to cover majority of cases under
Integrity Pact, the threshold limits have been
reduced to ₹1.00 crore for procurements /

65

Financial Statements

Corporate Level Tripartite Safety Committee
Meeting is being held regularly once in a year
at Head Office and the recommendations are
implemented.

All the NMDC Production Projects viz. Bailadila
Iron Ore Mine, Kirandul Complex (BIOM, KC);
Bailadila Iron Ore Mine, Bacheli Complex (BIOM,
BC); Donimalai Iron Ore Mine & Kumarswamy Iron
Ore Mine, Donimalai Complex (DIOM & KIOM) are
accredited with Integrated Management System
(IMS).

Statutory Reports

Mine Safety – Activities

Corporate Overview

14.0 SAFETY

The Severity Rate for the year 2023-24 is 11.15.

[p.70]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

¾

CPP Portal:
Materials management (MM) Dept. is posting
tenders in the CPP portal except Single tender
and proprietary items. All the bidders approaching
through CPP portal for entering in NMDC are
invited for registration with NMDC or conducting
trial with NMDC for ensuring their quality product.

¾

File Lifecycle Management (FLM):
MM dept has taken initiation for the
implementation of FLM – Digital file moment
instead of paper file movement at Head Office &
Projects.

¾

MM dept is utilizing the NMDC e-Procurement
portal to carry out procurement activities in
e-Procurement mode. The tenders which are
processed outside GeM will be done through SRM
portal.

contracts w.e.f September 2018. During 2023-24,
141 tenders valuing ₹3509 crores were covered
under this category.
15.1 Transparency in procurements handled
In order to enhance transparency in procurements
& increasing competitiveness, our company
adopted the following modes of tendering:¾

e-Procurement:
All procurement tenders are processed through
e-Procurement mode at HO & Projects. Reverse
e-auctions are conducted for high value
Equipments, spares & consumables, wherever
possible, by declaring upfront in the tender
document.

¾

Mode of Tendering:
Efforts are continuously taken to minimize
proprietary & single tender purchases, details
of Single Tender / Proprietary cases for the last
05 are ₹271.85 lakhs (26 cases) during 201920, ₹3975.96 Lakhs (33 cases) during 2020-21,
₹13939.95 Lakhs (56 cases) during 2021-22,
₹17689.98 Lakhs (93 cases) during 2022-23,
₹19275.01 Lakhs (53 cases) during 2023-24.
The Increase during FY 2023-24 is due to
implementation of MII-Make In India Policy in
NMDC.
Instead, open/global tenders are resorted to by
giving generalized specifications & drawings,
wherever possible or with OEM Part Numbers.

¾

Pre-qualifying conditions:
PQC for HEM equipments tenders have been
reviewed and a structured PQCs have been made
keeping in view wider participation.

¾

GeM Portal:
Procurement through GeM portal as per the
guidelines of GOI, is being done for the Materials
which are available in the GeM Portal. Total 2058
orders valuing ₹535 crores were placed during the
year 2023-24.

66

NMDC e-Procurement portal (SRM):

¾

Trade Receivable Discounting System (TReDS):
NMDC has registered on both RXIL and A.TReDS
Ltd (Invoicemart) platforms to release the
payments of all MSE firms against their acceptance
and confirmation.
NMDC has conducted various vendor meets with
MSE firms in association with MSME, Hyderabad
and instructed all MSE firms to register any one
of TReDS portal to process their payment through
TReDS platform and NMDC has released payment
through TReDS to some MSEs.

16.0 NMDC’S R&D CENTRE AT HYDERABAD
NMDC R&D centre is dedicated to undertake
product and technology development projects
related to ores, minerals and steel making to
maintain its excellence in process performance.
R&D centre has made significant contribution
not only to NMDC operating projects but also to
Indian industries and is recognized by Department
of Scientific and Industrial Research (DSIR).
R&D centre undertakes works related to mineral
processing, flow sheet development, mineralogical
studies, material handling & storage, metallurgical
studies of iron ore and coal, chemical analysis
etc. It is a pioneer in the field of beneficiation
and continuously working for development of
dry beneficiation technology for different ores
and minerals. It is endowed with state of art
laboratory equipment to analyze different minerals,
coals, metals and non-metals. For further details
reference may be made to Annexure-II attached to
the Directors’ Report.
16.1 GLOBAL EXPLORATION CENTRE, RAIPUR
NMDC’s Global Exploration Centre at Raipur is
continuously doing exploration in the mines of
NMDC and adding new reserves every year. NMDC

[p.71]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

has offered to State Governments to undertake
free exploration to quantify mineral resources in
the State.
17.0 IMPLEMENTATION OF OFFICIAL LANGUAGE
POLICY
NMDC effectively continued the implementation of
Official Language Policy of Government of India at
its Headquarters, Projects and Units.

National Hindi Kavi Sammelan was Organised in
which poets of repute recited poems. The event
was attended by officials of Ministry of Steel and
members of NMDC family.

Hindi fortnight was organized in all projects and
units along with Head office. On the occasion
messages of CMD were published in Hindi
newspapers and were also posted on social
media platforms. Various competitions were also
organized and prizes were distributed. In order to
maintain continuity in the use of official language
Hindi in official work, monthly Hindi competitions
were organized in addition to Hindi fortnight and
prizes were distributed as encouragement.
Rajbhasha Officers of NMDC headquarters and
all the projects attended Hindi Day and Third All
India Rajbhasha Conference organized by the
Department of Official Language, Ministry of Home
Affairs in Pune on 14 and 15 September, 2023.
On this occasion, the Deputy General Manager
(Official Language) of the Corporation was

Diamond Mining Project, Panna also held the
responsibility of Convenor of Town Official
Language Implementation Committee, Panna. The
project conducted half yearly meetings of the
Committee and various programmes for member
offices.
NMDC received the “Ispat Rajbhasha Sammaan
(Second)” among steel PSUs at the meeting of the
Hindi Advisory Committee held by the Ministry of
Steel on April 25, 2023 at Srinagar.
NMDC Limited, Head Office received the
Rajbhasha Shield-First Award for the year 202223 in the category of Mid-Sized PSUs from Town
Official Language Implementation Committee
(Undertakings), Hyderabad-Secunderabad.
Official Language House Magazine “Khanij
Bharati” of Head Office also won first prize in the
e-magazine category of Town Official Language
Implementation Committee (Undertakings),
Hyderabad-Secunderbad.
NMDC was awarded the Rajbhasha Award by
Honorable Governor of Sikkim, Shri Laxman
Arya, for best implementation in the field of
Official Language Hindi at the International
Hindi Conference organized by the Vishwa Hindi
Parishad, New Delhi on September 20-21, 2023 at
Vigyan Bhawan.
18.0 DETAILS REQUIRED TO BE FURNISHED IN TERMS
OF MICRO, SMALL AND MEDIUM ENTERPRISES
DEVELOPMENT ACT, 2006 (MSMED).
The company has taken the following steps to
procure goods and services from MSE firms,
MSE SC/ST & Women entrepreneurs. NMDC has
conducted exclusive MSE SC / ST vendor meets at
its projects in Chhattisgarh and Karnataka and also
at Hyderabad to understand the tender process
and our requirement. NMDC has participated in
the various vendor meets organised by Ministry of
Micro, Small & Medium Enterprises in association
with FICCI/DICCI. Besides NMDC has organised 12
Nos. Vendor Meets / programmes at various places

67

Financial Statements

Head Office organized an Inter-PSU Hindi speech
competition on August 4, 2023 for the personnel of
all CPSUs located in Hyderabad. A Hindi workshop
for all CPSUs was organized on January 23,
2024 under the aegis of Town Official Language
Implementation Committee (Undertaking),
Hyderabad-Secunderabad.

Half yearly Hindi magazine “Khanij Bharati” was
published from the Head Office. In addition,
projects also published Hindi/bilingual/trilingual
magazines such as Baila Samachar, Bacheli
Samachar, Doni Samachar, Heera Samachar etc.
Apart from this, magazines like ‘Technical Kshitij’
and ‘Sarjana’ were published in Hindi from Kirandul.

Statutory Reports

All India Seminar of Official Language Officers
was organized under the aegis of the Ministry of
Steel at Head Office on 19 March 2024, in which
the officials of the Ministry of Steel, the Official
Language Officers of TOLIC (Undertakings),
Hyderabad-Secunderabad, Rajbhasha Officers
of all the Production Projects and the personnel
associated with Rajbhasha in Regional Offices of
NMDC participated. Rajbhasha Technical Seminars
were organized at Bailadila Iron Ore Mines,
Kirandul Complex and Bailadila Iron Ore Mines,
Bacheli Complex.

Official Language Officers from NMDC HO and
Donimalai Project participated in the South
Regional Official Language Conference held at
Bengaluru.

Corporate Overview

Hindi Parangat training to personnel was continued
this year also in NMDC. So far, 179 personnel from
Head Office have successfully completed their
Hindi Parangat training. Hindi workshops were
organized every quarter at Head Office and in all
the projects. Similarly, meetings of the Official
Language Implementation Committee were also
held every quarter.

awarded the first prize in the Vetter category as
well as in the Translator category (PSUs) in the All
India Kanthasth 2.0 Competition.

[p.72]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

in total during 2023-24. NMDC interacted with
prospective MSE entrepreneurs encouraging them
for supply of goods for various plants at Bailadila,
Donimalai & Panna.
For encouraging MSE SC/ST firms, exclusive trials
are being conducted and after successful trials the
firms are given tender enquiry in Limited Tender.
Moreover, against the qualification criteria in
tenders we have not received any complaint /
request with regard to relaxing tender terms &
conditions. For the last 4 years NMDC is achieving
the targets as per Public Procurement Policy. The
results of 2023-24 are given below:Category of MSE Firm

Norms

Achievement

Procurement from
MSE firms

25%

59.05 %

Procurement from SC /
ST MSE firms

4%

5.35 %

Procurement from
Women Entrepreneurs
MSE firms

3%

5.20 %

NMDC also received the Certificate of Appreciation
from Ministry of MSME for highest procurement
amongst Navratna CPSEs during 2021-22 and
The Best Performer under the Navratna Category
during the year 2021 & 2023 and for our exemplary
work towards promotion of SC/ST entrepreneurs
based on the performance parameters namely (i)
procurement from SC/ST entrepreneurs, (ii) No. of
Vendor Development Programs for SC/ST and (iii)
Number of SC/ST entrepreneurs benefitted as per
the data uploaded on Sambandh Portal.
19.0 MANPOWER
19.1 Employee-Employer relations
The overall industrial relations situation was
peaceful and cordial during the year. There was
no strike/lockout against the Company’s policies
affecting production and productivity.

19.4 Particulars of employees drawing remuneration
of ₹8.5 lakhs per month or ₹1.02 crores per
annum under Section 197 of the Companies Act,
2013 read with Companies (Appointment and
remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules,
2014 as amended.
Not applicable
19.5 Staff Welfare activities
Adequate facilities for education, health,
accommodation and recreation were in place.
Various Bipartite Fora have been functioning
satisfactorily.
19.6 Promotion of Sports
Sport tournaments were arranged for the
employees, the wards of employees and also for
the local youth.
19.7 Disclosure under Section 22 of the Sexual
Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention,
Prohibition and Redressal) Act 2013
No complaint has been received and no case
has been filed under the Sexual Harassment of
Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition
and Redressal) Act 2013 during the financial year
2023-2024.
20.0 Corporate Social Responsibility
20.1 Flagship programmes under CSR during FY
2023-24:
The CSR flagship programmes and initiatives
undertaken/continued by the Company during
2023-24 are as follows:
A)

Education
¾

Operation of Residential School for tribals
at Nagarnar, Bastar District, Chhattisgarh.
Established in the year 2010-11, at present
the school has around 600 students in Class
I to XII.

¾

Operation of Industrial Training Institute
(ITI)s at Nagarnar, and Bhansi in Bastar and
Dantewada districts of Chhattisgarh. Annual
intake in Bastar ITI-36 and 128 in Bhansi ITI.

¾

Support to nutritious & wholesome Mid-Day
Meal Scheme around Donimalai mines, with
coverage of 8000 Govt. school children in
38 Govt. schools of Sandur Taluk in Bellary
district in a radius of 25 Km from NMDC
operations.

¾

NMDC Balika Shiksha Sahayog Yojana,
providing scholarship to girl students from
Bastar Division, (Chhattisgarh) and Donimalai
(Karnataka) to encourage education beyond
8th standard.

19.2 Scheduled Castes & Scheduled Tribes
20 candidates belonging to Scheduled Caste and
62 candidates belonging to Scheduled Tribes
were appointed against 207 posts filled by direct
recruitment.
19.3 Strength of SCs & STs as on 31st March 2024
1. Total number of employees

:

5630

2. Scheduled Castes amongst them

:

814

3. Scheduled Tribes amongst them

:

1469

4. Other Backward Class

:

1186

5. Physically challenged employees

:

108

68

[p.73]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Operation of Polytechnic College at
Dantewada with an intake of 126 students per
year in Mechanical and Electrical trades.

¾

Balika Shiksha Yojana- sponsoring 40
students from Bastar Division, Chhattisgarh
to Nursing Courses at Apollo School &
College of Nursing, Hyderabad. Since, 201112, 498 students have been sponsored under
this scheme resulting in improvement in
healthcare delivery in Bastar Division.

Healthcare, Nutrition, Water & Sanitation
¾

C)

Free Treatment at Project Hospitals, Hospital
on Wheels (mobile medical vans), Medical
Camps, Visits of Project Hospital Doctors and
Para medical staff to the Villages.

Infrastructure/Rural development
¾

Various infrastructural development works
viz., Construction of CC Roads, drains,
Culverts, boundary walls of Community
centers etc. in nearby villages.

20.2 CSR Activities initiated during FY 2023-24:
58 development works across the five
districts of Chhattisgarh.

¾

Procurement of 1.5 T Philips MR 5300 MRI
Machine for use at the District Hospital
Bellary.

¾

Procurement of 16 Slice CT Scanner to be
installed at Community Health Centre at
Shahpura, Dindori.
Providing assistance for construction of 13.6
KMs boundary wall for Madhav National Park,
Shivpuri, Madhya Pradesh.

¾

Extending financial assistance to Ramkrishna
Mission Ashrama, Gwalior, Madhya Pradesh.

¾

Providing 1 no. Air-Conditioned Ambulance
and 1 no. Hearse vehicle with freezer to the
NGO-Opportunities for All, Kolakta.

The major reason for the same was lack of
adequate progress/delay in completion of
previously approved works by partner State
Authorities.
21.0 HUMAN RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT
During the FY 2023-24, Corporate HRD organized
the following programmes :EXTERNAL TRAINING
External Training Programmes were conducted
by various external organisations, institutes and
professional bodies on different subjects, relevant
to work.
IN-COMPANY TRAINING
Tailor made programmes were conducted by
engaging reputed organisations, institutes and
professional bodies on following subjects:
•

Data Analytics and BI

•

Health

•

Happiness & wellbeing

•

Mine planning

•

Surveillance Audit & Internal Auditor

•

Several programmes on subjects viz.,
Procurement, Contracts, GeM, preventive

Vigilance IO/PO were successfully conducted in
connection with vigilance awareness.
FOREIGN VISITS
In terms of Government of India – DPE directives,
no foreign training was undertaken. However,

69

Financial Statements

¾

Despite the collective efforts of Management and
Employees across the departments, divisions and
projects of NMDC, there was a shortfall in CSR
expenditure as against the statutorily prescribed
target of 2% of the average PBT of previous three
years i.e., ₹ 197.07 Crore in the year 2023-24.

Statutory Reports

¾

20.3 Reasons for not spending the entire CSR amount
during FY 2023-24:

Corporate Overview

B)

¾

[p.74]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

projects was organized by QCFI, Hyderabad
for preparing and upgrading Skills for
participation in CCQC & NCQC.

following visits were facilitated.
•

Global Health, Safety and Environment for
Mining at Singapore.

•

Digitalization in Mining at Stockholm.

•

Kazakhstan Global Investment Roundtable
(KGIR) at Astana.

•

Mining Indaba at Cape town.

•

IMARC Australia.

•

METEC, Germany

•

World Mining Congress, Australia

•

AMP, Europe

•

Enduring Leadership & Happiness Summit,
Dubai.

•

PDAC, Canada.

OTHER ACTIVITIES
•

Online programmes on Medical, Vigilance,
GST, Contracts & Procurement were
conducted.

•

Training classes were held for promotion of
employees from workmen to Junior Officers
in disciplines of Personnel, Finance and
Electrical.

•

New membership was taken from
professional bodies like Rail Enthusiasts’
Society, Delhi and Public Relation Society of
India, Hyderabad.

•

Ikigai – Happy work force programmes were
conducted for around 538 Executives.

•

Body, Mind & Heart workshop for the
employees were organized at Kirandul,
Bacheli & Donimalai projects by M/S
Jayaganga Life Coaching Academy.

22.0 VIGILANCE
The Vigilance Department has undertaken several
initiatives during the fiscal year 2023-24, with
a particular focus on enhancing “Preventive
Vigilance.” This emphasis included conducting
Preventive Checks in key areas, addressing
complaints with appropriate corrective measures,
and implementing system improvements.
Additionally, regular training sessions on vigilance
matters were organized for employees by the
Vigilance functionaries at both the Corporate
Office and various projects.
Various sensitizing programmes were conducted
for awareness on vigilance matters for the
employees of the Corporation like:
•

GeM Contracts and Management focus on
customized bids” by Shri. Prakash Mirani, JS
& Addl. CEO, Government e-Market Place
(GeM), Ministry of Commerce and Industry,
New Delhi on 24.02.2023

•

“Knowledge-sharing Session with Vigilance
Officers” by Shri. Rakesh Shrivastava, CVO,
Mumbai Port Trust on 20.03.2023

•

An interactive session on “Preventive
vigilance – a Pragmatic approach” by Dr.
Praveen Kumari Singh, Addl. Secretary, CVC
on 17.05.2023

•

“Preventive Vigilance: Ethics and
Governances” by Shri. Himanshu Vishnoi,
Corporate Coach on 07.09.2023

•

“Personal Finance Management” by Shri. P
Sarat Kumar, CA and Fraud Examiners on
07.09.2023

•

“Cyber Hygiene and Security” by Shri. Krishna
Sastry Pendyala, ED, Cyber Security Services
on 08.09.2023

•

Induction Training Programme conducted for
Executive Trainee (Technical) 2023 batch and
Executive Trainee (Personnel) 2023 batch in
ASCI, Hyderabad and ISB Hyderabad.

•

Induction Training Programme conducted for
Executive Trainee (Finance) 2023 batch in
ASCI, Hyderabad.

•

“Arbitrate and Alternate Dispute Resolution”
by Shri. C M Basha, Senior Law Officer (Retd.)
on 08.09.2023

•

Revised Executive Trainee Induction Training
Scheme has been formulated by reducing the
training period from one year to six months.

•

Training program on IOs/POs by Shri.
Upender Vennam, CVO, BDL on 25.09.2023

•

MoU signed with National Skill Development
Corporation (NSDC) for Skill Development
Programme and RPL certification for
1600 employees. Additionally, Job Role
identification and selection of training partner
has been completed.

•

“Training Session on Preventive VigilancePragmatic approach” by Ms. Anita Barik,
Dy. CVO, Traffic, South Central Railways on
25.09.2023

•

Training Session on “Recent trends in Public
Procurement” by Shri. Kanwlpreet, Director,
DoE, MoF on 26.09.2023

•

Training Session on “Arbitration and Contract
Management” by Shri. Susshil Daga,

•

70

Quality Circle movement strengthening
continued. For the purpose, training at

[p.75]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Managing Partner, M/s. Amicus Legal on
26.09.2023
•

Interactive session on Vigilance Awareness by
Shri P. Daniel, Secretary, CVC on 18.10.2023.

The systems and procedures including the
document handling, maintenance of records
is maintained to ensure that the Vigilance
Department is conforming to the Quality
Management Systems as per ISO 9001:2015
Standards. Vigilance Department in NMDC has
been upgraded to ISO 9001:2015 standards of
Quality Management System (QMS) for which M/s
RINA India Private Ltd. was engaged for routine
surveillance audits and Quality Certification until
June 30, 2025.

Complaints received were taken up for
investigation and necessary suggestions for
system improvement/ disciplinary action wherever
required were recommended.

E-Platform: Efforts were made to ensure
transparency in transactions through the
company’s website, including details of contracts
and bill payments. Vigilance also promoted
E-Procurement platforms for tendering processes.
NMDC has adopted the Integrity Pact since
November 2007. As per the suggestions given by
Vigilance Department, the threshold value has
been decreased to 1.0 Crore w.e.f. 07.09.2018.
The Integrity Pact has been entered into in 196
contracts with a value of ₹11002 Crores for the
period April 2023-March 2024.

Quarterly Structured Meetings of the Vigilance
Department, chaired by the CMD, NMDC, were
held on 23.05.2023, 06.09.2023 & 01.02.2024 to
discuss vigilance activities and address pending
issues for compliance. Review of Vigilance work
was also done by the Board on 11.08.2023.

As part of systemic improvement, a circular
vide circular no. HQMM/Integrity Pact/ IEM/4th
QTR MEETING dated 10.04.2023 was issued to
maintain uniformity in the Integrity pact within the
organization and Signing of Integrity Pact by both
buyer and seller in line with the CVC guidelines.
To ensure transparency in vigilance works,

71

Financial Statements

A total of 160 complaints were received during the
period and handled according to CVC guidelines.
The Complaint Handling Policy of NMDC, effective
from January 1, 2022, was made available on the
company’s website for wider dissemination.

In pursuance of CVC directions / guidelines
received during the month of August / September
2020, a 02 days module and Road map for
imparting training on preventive vigilance
separately for Induction level (new entrants) and
Mid-career level Executives were drawn up and
was integrated with our HRD’s regular training plan.
The said training programs on Preventive Vigilance
is being arranged every month at NMDC in
compliance of CVC guidelines, covering Induction
level and Mid-career level executives of HO, ROs
and all Projects. During the FY 2023-24, 11 Nos.
of training modules were arranged for Induction
level and Mid-career level employees covering
402 employees from all the Production Projects,
Regional Offices and Head Office under Preventive
Vigilance module.

Statutory Reports

Throughout the fiscal year 2023-24, the Vigilance
Department conducted a total of 326 Preventive
Checks, comprising 101 surprise checks, 94
regular inspections, 109 file studies, 14 audit para
inspections, and 8 CTE type inspections across all
projects and the Head Office.

The Quarterly Review-cum-Coordination meeting
of the Vigilance Department with CVO was
held in May-2023, September-2023, February
2024 & December 2023. The said meeting was
attended by all the Vigilance Officers posted
at Head Office and Projects like Kirandul,
Bacheli, Donimalai, Panna & NISP. Project-wise
presentations were made and matters pertaining
to vigilance inspections and system improvements
recommended/implemented etc. were discussed.
Few common matters were also discussed in
open-house wherein all VOS exchanged their
views and gave valuable suggestions.

Corporate Overview

In the similar lines, Chief Vigilance Officer, NMDC
has taken steps and initiatives by taking interactive
sessions on knowledge sharing and capacity
building on Procurement & other related topics at
various Projects/ROs benefitting a large volume of
employees by creating awareness on the subject.

necessary action has been taken for rotation /
repatriation of vigilance officers, and for inducting
of new officers in Vigilance Department for
compliance of CVC guidelines. 4 new Officers have
been inducted in June-2023 and 2 officers in Feb2024. Also 3 officers have been repatriated to their
parent department and 1 officer is retired in Feb2024. Identification of Sensitive Posts has been
carried out on 01.10.2022. The rotational transfer
of officers of other departments was also effected
in compliance of CVC guidelines and a total of 102
officers were rotated / transferred during 2023-24.

[p.76]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Ethical and transparent practices in any
organization are as essential as generating
revenue, and neither of these can be sacrificed
for the other. Hence, it is imperative to ensure
that the decisions taken are not only fair, but also
appear to be fair. To accomplish this, it is vital to
have written down procedures and also to ensure
that they are being followed. For the purpose,
NMDC Vigilance Manual has been released on
2nd June 2022. This first edition of the NMDC
Vigilance Manual attempts to provide information
on essential guidelines and procedures established
by the Central Vigilance Commission and other
organizations involved in anti-corruption activities.
With the purpose of enhancing transparency and
accountability among the employees, to stress
on the importance of the monitoring system and
the prevalence of the noteworthy practices in
our organization, 3rd Edition of Subodh have
been released on 28th November 2023. The
release of in-house bulletins included Vigilancerelated articles, CVC circulars, and guidelines for
procurement awareness.
Vigilance Portal: NMDC’s vigilance department
has taken the initiative to implement an Online
Vigilance Portal in an effort to digitalize existing
processes, in order to adhere to NMDC’s digital
mission and to address existing flaws. In view of
this, An Online Vigilance Portal was developed and
launched, enhancing transparency, accountability,
and data integrity in vigilance-related activities.
NMDC Vigilance portal is an end-to end digital
platform for all Vigilance functions from lodging
of a complaint to till its logical conclusion. This
have provisions for recording various preventive,
punitive and administrative matters of vigilance
department. This portal is a digital repository for
all vigilance activities and provide data analytics
like age-wise pendency and status of complaints;
department wise, area wise complaint/preventive
check undertaken; frequency of complaint from
same person or against same officials etc. This will
help in preparation of proactive vigilance action
plan and thrust areas on quarterly/annual basis.
System improvements suggested for
Implementation during 2023-24:
Seventy-one system improvement suggestions
were proposed during the fiscal year, with several
already implemented and the rest in progress.
The major initiatives /system improvements /
suggestions/ recommendations which were
implemented during the period are briefed as
below:i.

Display of the SOP for weighment, weight
adjustment and sampling at the weighbridge and
sampling site at Bacheli Complex of NMDC. Action
taken report received vide Project letter BC/
GEO/2022-23/3047 dt. 24.02.2023.

72

ii.

In line with the CVC guidelines, a circular
regarding uniformity in the Integrity pact within
the organization and Signing of Integrity Pact
by both buyer and seller issued vide circular no.
HQMM/Integrity Pact/ IEM/4th QTR MEETING dated
10.04.2023.

iii.

A circular vide No. HQMM/ Study & Observations
on Procurement dated 19.06.2023 has been
issued from the Material Management, where
a consolidated list of Deliberation & Action on
Vigilance observations suggested in various
preventive checks have been compiled. In
the circular various point raised by Vigilance
Department, such as discourage of Splitting of
Indent for approval of sanction of funds, Guidelines
regarding time lines for bid security and bid validity
as per manuals, physical verification of stocks,
sensitization of executives on MM manual, Signing
of Integrity Pact, Record of Price justification in
TSC minutes, regarding issues in rate Contract/
Extension of Rate Contracts etc. have been
deliberated.

iv.

The Delegation of Powers (DoP) has been revised
pertains to Section B (Purchase of Materials, Plant
Equipment etc). & Section-C (Works) vide Office
Order No. CS/DoP/2014, dtd. 17.03.2023, pertains
to Section- D (Sales & Commercial Section) vide
OO no. CS/DoP/2023 dated 31.07.2023, pertains to
Section-E (Miscellaneous & General Matters) vide
OO no. CS/DoP/2024 dated 19.03.2024.

v.

In line with the Government Guidelines, a circular
to maximize Procurement of Goods & Services
through GEM Portal is issued on 05.07.2023 vide
circular No. NMDC/DC/23-24/1.

vi.

As a part of SI suggested on inspection of New
Electronic Truck Weighbridge near HEM center
by Vigilance department, Integration of the “New
Electronic Truck Weighbridge near HEM service
center at Kirandul Complex” with ERP SAP Module
of NMDC has been done.

vii.

With reference to Re-conciliation of deposited
amount through Electronic mode like SBI collect,
YONO app in Hospital of BIOM Kirandul Complex
so as to ensure Transparency, all payments in
hospitals are done with YONO app or in accounts
of NMDC bank account. YONO app & bank account
details for payment is displayed in payment
counter of Hospital. The same has been issued
vide HOP letter no.HoP/Sectt./2023/13V/1, dt.
27.10.2023.

viii. In view of the suggestions recommended as the
outcome of the study from Vigilance department,
a circular has been issued to all Package Incharges and their MECON O&M counterparts at
Nagarnar Steel Limited (NSL), Nagarnar to be
more vigilant in terms of storage and usages of
expired materials at NSL vide letter No. NSL/
Vigilance/2023/10/01, dtd.27.10.2023.

[p.77]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Delay in tender finalization, Negotiation with L-1
bidder, Approval of Corrigenda/ Addenda, Price
variation/ Escalation due to variation in price
indices etc. have been deliberated.
xv.

In view of suggestion recommended during
inspection of unreleased EMD for the period of
Mar’21 to June’23, an office order was issued from
NSL vide order no. ED(Sectt)./OO/2024/02 dated
15.02.2024 to ensure compliance towards refund
of unsuccessful bidders.

ix.

SOP has been developed and made available in
Control Room at BIOM Kirandul complex for CLO
Dispatches through truck weighbridge vide HOP
letter no.HoP/Sectt./2023/13V/1, dtd. 27.10.2023.

x.

In line with the guidelines from Procurement
Manual released by Department of expenditure
(DoE) an Office Order vide OO No. NMDC/
DoP/2023, dtd.21.11.2023 has been issued for
Constitution of Tender Opening Committee(TOC)
with approval of Competent Authority as per DoP &
on the basis of value of the contract.

xii.

A revised SOP for the diesel bowsers in respect of
receipts, issues, storage and consumption of diesel
is prepared at Donimalai for better supervision.
Reference: HoP vide letter No. DNM/CGM/DM(S)/
Vig./20, dt. 06.11.2023.
Further, Input in line with the applicable
instructions of Government as per manual of
Procurement for Goods, Services & Works released
by DoE and GFR-2017 have been recommended to
concerned department for incorporating the same
in Updation of Manuals.

xiv. A circular vide No. HO(Works)/ Contracts/ Vig.
Observations/ Guidelines/2024 dated 01.02.2024
has been issued from the Works department
where a consolidated list of Deliberation &
Action on Vigilance observations suggested in
various preventive checks have been compiled.
In the circular various point raised by Vigilance
Department, such as adoption of Online Tendering/
E- tendering, Preference to MSE bidders,
Confirmation of Issuance of documents such as
Solvency Certificate, CPBG, EMD, BG etc., proper
signing of Integrity Pact, Proper Justification
in case of delay in providing Statutory/ Site
Clearances, Consideration of Free issue material
(FIM) in PQC evaluation, maintaining/ availability
of Statutory and other important documents at
execution site, Pre-Qualification Criteria (PQC) with
respect to Similar nature of work, Deviations from
tender terms and conditions in LAC/Agreement,

Various activities including awareness programmes and
prescribed individual/inter-departmental competitions
like Slogan writing, Essay writing, Elocution, Quiz
competition, poster drawing competition on the VAW
theme were arranged for the employees during the
Vigilance Awareness Week-2023.
At Corporate office, A Run for Vigilance awareness was
organized on 31.10.2023 for employees, and school/
college children with huge participation making the
theme, a grand success. Apart from HO, the Run was
also organized in various Project locations witnessing
huge participation.
Apart from the above day-wise activities at Corporate
office, Production Projects and Regional offices
have also celebrated Vigilance Awareness Week
by organizing various knowledge-sharing sessions,
workshops on PIDPI and Preventive Vigilance and other
outreach activities like skits, PIDPI awareness sessions
etc. Large number of participations covering wider
groups of employees, their spouses, wards, school/
college students, security staff, contractors, contract
labour etc. were involved for creating awareness about
vigilance.
As per the CVC guidelines, many employees have
undergone training sessions conducted by CVC
under “Training of trainers, (TOT)” program on various
vigilance related topics like Ethics & Governance,
Preventive Vigilance, Procurement, IO & PO training,
Cyber hygiene.

73

Financial Statements

xiii. Contract Management Manual has been updated
with incorporation of guidelines of DoE manuals
and released on 18.10.2023 in the organization.

On the Inaugural day of VAW-2023, Integrity Pledge
was administered to the employees of NMDC at HO
by CVO and Director (Technical) and by respective
Project Heads/Regional Managers at Projects and ROS.
Hyperlink for taking e-pledge was also provided at
NMDC’s website.

Statutory Reports

xi.

In line with the directives of the CVC vide circular No.
08/09/23 dtd: 11.09.2023, the Campaign Period &
Vigilance Awareness Week-2023 has been observed
in NMDC Ltd with great enthusiasm and active
participations of employees & all related stake holders
from 16.08.2023 to 15.11.2023 (3 months campaign) &
30.10.2023 to 05.11.2023 (Vigilance Awareness Week)
respectively on the theme “Say No to Corruption;
Commit to the Nation” across all the Projects/ regional
Offices.

Corporate Overview

VIGILANCE AWARENESS WEEK:

[p.78]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

During the campaign period, a total of 08 workshops/
lectures by eminent speakers expertise in their subject
were invited and employees from HO as well as
Projects/ROs were nominated to take benefit of such
capacity building sessions. Each session witnessed
around more than 70 employees covering a huge
spectrum of knowledge sharing and awareness session.

to the environmental clearance capacity during
2000-2017, have been filed at Bilaspur High Court,
C.G. on 22.01.2020. The following reliefs have been
sought from the Hon’ble High Court –

For propagation of VAW-2023 theme, wide display of
banners & posters, newspaper release/teasers and
extensive use of social media was under taken. All the
winners/participants of various activities/competitions
were given away the prizes during the Valedictory
Function held on the concluding day of VAW-2023 at HO
and all Projects.
23.0 Impact of the Hon’ble Supreme Court of India
Judgement with reference to the Writ Petition
(Civil) No.114/2014 dated 02.08.2017
i)

The Company has been legally advised that
there is no impact of the Hon’ble Supreme Court
of India Judgement with reference to the Writ
Petition (Civil) No.114/2014 dated 02.08.2017 on
NMDC. However, in case it is found applicable
to NMDC at a later date, it may impact the
profits of the Company. Meanwhile, the Bailadila
Projects of NMDC have received the Show Cause
Notices dated 31.07.2018 from District Collector
Dantewada as to why NMDC should not be asked
to deposit an amount of ₹7,241.35 crores as
compensation as calculated by Collector based on
the above judgement. NMDC has been asked to
submit its response by 31.08.2018. As per the legal
opinion received, the above compensation is not
applicable to NMDC and hence NMDC will seek
legal recourse and contest before the Collector,
Dantewada and other appropriate authorities. The
company has contested the Show Cause Notice
with District collector, South Bastar, Dantewada.

ii)

On 26.09.2019, State Government issued revised
show cause notices mentioning reassessed
penalties for an amount of ₹ 1623.44 Crores. In
this regard, once again, NMDC Ltd. did not accept
the penalties imposed by the revised show cause
notices.

iii)

Collector – Dantewada issued final demand notices
on 15.11.2019 for an amount of ₹ 1390.03 Crores
and ₹ 233.41 Crores towards EC Capacity violation
and proposed production violation as per approved
Mining Plan / Scheme respectively, i.e. total
₹ 1623.44 Crores.

(a)

(b)

(c)

iv)

•

to issue a writ of certiorari or any other
appropriate writ order or direction, declaring
the levy of penalty and compensation vide
impugned demand notice dated 15-11-2019
as illegal, without jurisdiction and voilative
of Article 19(1)(g) and Article 246 of the
Constitution of India.

•

to allow the present writ petition by setting
aside the impugned notice dated 15/11/2019
for demand of penalty and compensation
towards excess production over the
Environment Clearance Capacities.

•

any other relief as deem fit and proper
by Hon’ble High Court in the facts and
circumstances of the petition may kindly be
passed.

When the matter was listed for hearing on
19.02.2020, the Hon’ble Court after hearing both
counsels directed as under:•

As prayed, list both the cases on 12th March,
2020.

•

Considering the fact that the petitioner has
already deposited more than 600 crore
rupees pursuant to the demand notice made,
no coercive step further shall be taken
against the petitioner till 12th March, 2020.

•

The respondents are directed to produce
the statistics as regards the production of
the petitioner exceeding the capacity on 12th
March, 2020.

A revision application No. 12/(01)/2020/RC-II
challenging validity of demand notices dated
15/11/2019 on the allegation of extraction of iron
ore in excess to the proposed production quantity
as per approved Mining Plan / Scheme during
2000-2017, has been filed before Hon’ble Mines
Tribunal, Ministry of Mines, Govt. of India, New
Delhi on 24.01.2020. The following prayers have
been made in the revision application –
•

NMDC deposited an amount of ₹ 600 Crores on
10.12.2019 under protest to the Chhattisgarh State
Govt.,

to set aside the demand of penalties, towards
the alleged excess production above the
proposed production in the approved Mining
Plan / Scheme, since the same is without
jurisdiction, illegal, arbitrary, violative of
principles of natural justice and ultravires the
provisions of MMDR Act - 1957;

•

NMDC filed two Writ Petitions (Civil), being No.
WPC/612/2020 and WPC/616/2020 challenging
validity of demand notices dated 15/11/2019 on
the allegation of extraction of iron ore in excess

pass such other orders as Hon’ble Tribunal
deems fit under the facts and circumstances
of the case, in the interest of justice and in
the public interest.

NMDC is pursuing the matter.

74

[p.79]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

24.0 DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
Pursuant to Section 134(5) of the Act, the Board of
Directors, to the best of its knowledge and ability,
confirm that:
in the preparation of the annual accounts, the
applicable accounting standards have been
followed and there are no material departures;

ii)

they have selected such accounting policies and
applied them consistently and made judgments
and estimates that are reasonable and prudent so
as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs
of the Company at the end of the financial year
and of the profit of the Company for that period;
they have taken proper and sufficient care for
the maintenance of adequate accounting records
in accordance with the provisions of the Act for
safeguarding the assets of the Company and
for preventing and detecting fraud and other
irregularities;

iv)

they have prepared the annual accounts on a
going concern basis;

v)

they have laid down internal financial controls to
be followed by the Company and such internal
financial controls are adequate and operating
effectively;

vi)

they have devised proper systems to ensure
compliance with the provisions of all applicable
laws and that such systems are adequate and
operating effectively.

Being a Government company, all Directors
on the Board of the company are appointed
by the Administrative Ministry, i.e. Ministry
of Steel, Government of India and their terms
of appointment including remuneration are
determined as per extant policies / guidelines of
Government of India.
27.0 NUMBER OF BOARD MEETINGS HELD
During the year under review, 8 (eight) meetings of
the Board were held. For further details, reference
may kindly be made to Corporate Governance
Section of the Annual Report.
28.0 NMDC STRATEGIC MANAGEMENT PLAN (NMDC
VISION 2025).
A long-term strategic management plan (SMP),
‘Vision 2025’ has been formulated which envisages
an iron ore production capacity of 67 MTPA. This
expansion plan includes brownfield expansion
of existing mines and developing greenfield
mines in partnership with Chhattisgarh Mineral
Development Corporation. A joint venture of NMDC
& CMDC (NCL) is in process of starting operations
from Dep-13 Iron Ore Mine in the Bailadila Region.
The Government of Chhattisgarh has notified
the allocation of Dep-4 to NMDC in Sep’19 for
prospecting and mining operations. Various
clearances are in process for development of the
Mine.
India is presently the world’s second-largest
producer of crude steel. In FY’24, the production of
crude steel stood at 140 MT with a growth of 14%
over the previous year. The growth in the Indian
steel sector has been driven by the domestic
availability of raw materials such as iron ore and
cost-effective labour. Consequently, the steel
sector has been a major contributor to India’s
manufacturing output.
The Government of India announced a productionlinked incentive (PLI) scheme for speciality steel.
The scheme is expected to attract investment
worth ~₹ 400 billion (US$ 5.37 billion) and expand
speciality steel capacity by 25 million tonnes (MT)

75

Financial Statements

Based on the framework of internal financial
controls and compliance systems established and
maintained by the Company, the work performed
by the internal, statutory and secretarial auditors
and external consultants, including the audit of
internal financial controls over financial reporting
by the statutory auditors and the reviews
performed by management and the relevant board
committees, including the audit committee, the
Board is of the opinion that the Company’s internal
financial controls were adequate and effective
during FY 2023-24.

26.0 COMPANY’S POLICY ON DIRECTORS
APPOINTMENT AND REMUNERAITON

Statutory Reports

iii)

The Independent Directors have given
a declaration on meeting the criteria of
independence as stipulated in Section 149(6)
of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation
25(8) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 in the FY 202324.

Corporate Overview

i)

25.0 DECLARATION ON MEETING THE CRITERIA OF
INDEPENDENCE AS PER THE COMPANIES ACT,
2013 AND SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND
DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS,
2015.

[p.80]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

to 42 MT by FY’27. NMDC is also reviewing its
long-term plan based on the increase in demand
& growth in the iron & steel industry after the
pandemic. As per National Steel Policy, the country
has envisaged increasing its steel production
capacity to 300 MTPA by FY’31. The wide range
of continuing infrastructure projects could support
growth in steel demand to reach our envisaged
target of per capita steel consumption of 158 Kg by
FY’31 in the long term. NMDC is actively pursuing
an Iron Ore Production ramp-up plan to further
increase its iron ore production capacity to 100
MTPA by FY’30.

Projects, Human Resource and IT. NMDC has
implemented an ERP system across all projects in
FY’21, License-to-Operate (the computer-based
model in which all the statutory approvals will be
brought under one umbrella). Implementation of
Mines Transport Surveillance System (MTSS)Weighbridge automation/ Virtual Fencing/ GeoFencing/ GPS/ Proximity Warning Device for
dumpers/ CCTV Surveillance/ Wireless Networking
has been completed at Donimalai. NMDC has
further taken initiative to venture into the fleet
management system and it is under final stage
of implementation in Bailadila Sector. Efforts
are being made to install an automatic (robotic)
sampling & analysis system, vision enhancement
system, conveyor monitoring system and 3D
Volumetric and Laser Scanner System to enhance
its digital strength. As a part of its Digital Strategy,
NMDC has envisioned to implement the Integrated
Command and Control center for its mines by FY
2030.

In FY’24, the Company has progressed significantly
on various activities to enhance its production
capacity completion of various projects and
significant progress in other ongoing projects.
Rapid Wagon Loading System (RWLS-I) at Kirandul
Complex has been completed and Screening Plant
(SP-III) at BIOM Kirandul Complex has progressed
well in construction activities. Further, NMDC is
planning to enhance the EC capacities of mines in
the mining complexes of Bailadila and Donimalai.
Further to the demerger of NMDC Steel Limited,
NSL plant has been commissioned and started
production during this Financial Year.
To augment the evacuation capacity from the
Bailadila sector, many projects & schemes are
being taken up like doubling of KK line, RowghatJagdalpur line, Slurry Pipeline, etc. Doubling of
KK line is being executed by Railways as deposit
work is in full swing and few completed sections
have been opened for traffic. Out of 150 km of
planned doubling of railway line, 86% of work has
already been completed & the project is likely to
be completed by FY’25. The completion of this
project will augment the evacuation capacity of the
Bailadila sector through the Railway line from 28
MTPA to 40 MTPA.

NMDC is publishing Business Responsibility and
Responsibility Report (BRSR) and ESG Report as
per the Global standards and is planning to achieve
the lobal standards in a time bound manner. As
the world is now traversing more uncertainty than
ever, NMDC is focusing on building sustainable and
resilient businesses to survive in the long run and
to make a meaningful contribution to the battle
against climate change through an increasing
investing environment, social and governance
(ESG) initiatives. All Mines of NMDC has been
Awarded 5 Star Rating by the Ministry of Mines.
29.0 CHANGE IN DIRECTORS / KMP.
The following changes occurred during the
financial year 2023-24:-

Activities for Phase-1 of Slurry Pipe Line including
2 MTPA capacity Ore Processing Plant (OPP) at
Bacheli, 15 MTPA capacity Slurry Pipeline System
(130 km) from Bacheli to Nagarnar and 2 MTPA
capacity Pellet Plant at Nagarnar, are under
progress. The first phase of project is likely to be
completed in FY’26.
Ministry of Coal has allocated two Coal Blocks
namely Tokisud North Coal block & Rohne Coal
Block on 17th March 2020 for commercial sale
& captive purposes. NMDC has appointed MDO
for Tokisud North Coal Block and plans to start
its operations in FY’26. Various activities like land
acquisition etc. are under progress.
Besides the expansion plan, the SMP also
envisaged the introduction of systemic
interventions in six strategic transformation areas
- Business, Operations, Sustainability, Capital

76

i)

Shri Vinay Kumar was appointed as Director
(Technical) on the Board of the Company
w.e.f. 19th May 2023.

ii)

Subsequent to the end of Financial Year
2023-24, Shri Sanjay Tandon, Part-time
Non-official Independent Director tendered
his resignation w.e.f. 15th April 2024 due to
personal commitments. The Board placed
on record its deep appreciation for the
invaluable contribution of Shri Sanjay Tandon
during the meetings of the Board and Board
level Committees.

30.0 AUDIT
a.

Statutory Auditors
As per communication received from Comptroller
and Auditor General of India, New Delhi, your
Company appointed the following firms of
Chartered Accountants as Statutory Auditors of
the Company for the year 2023-2024:

[p.81]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Sl.No.
1

Unit
Head Office
R & D Center
SIU &
Consolidation

2

3

Donimalai
Complex

4

Panna Project

Cost Auditors
M/s B Mukhopadhyay & Co,

M/s VARMA & VARMA
Chartered Accountants
# 789, 3rd Floor, Road No.
36, CBI Colony, Jubilee
Hills, Hyderabad
Telangana: 500 033

Cost Accountants
B 20, Amarabati,
Sodepur
Kolkata – 700 110.

M/s M Bhaskara Rao & Co.,
Chartered Accountants
5-D, 5th Floor, Kautilya
6-3-652, Somajiguda,
Hyderabad,
Telangana: 500 082

c.

Secretarial Auditors

M/s R Bupathy & Co.,
Chartered Accountants
No. 31, 4th Floor, West
Anjaneya Street, Opp.
Karanju Anjaneya Temple,
Near BMS College,
Basavangudi, Bengaluru,
Karnataka : 560 004

31.0 IMPLEMENTATION OF RIGHT TO INFORMATION
ACT, 2005

M/s B.R. Agrawal & Associates
Company Secretaries
C/o Goyal Enterprises, Opp Hotel Simran,
Civil Station Road, Raipur, Chhattisgarh-492009

M/s S Kakkar & Co.,
Chartered Accountants
MG Marg, Civil Lines,
Allahabad,
Uttar Pradesh : 211 001

The details of RTI applications received in Head
Office and all the Units of the Company during the
period 01.04.2023 to 31.03.2024 are as follows:
Applications
received during
the year

Information
Provided/denied/
forwarded

Balance
as on 31.03.2024

Online applications

16

324

324

16

Offline applications

11

86

94

03

TOTAL

27

410

418

19

32.0 DETAILS OF SIGNIFICANT AND MATERIAL
ORDERS PASSED BY THE REGULATORS OR
COURTS OR TRIBUNALS IMPACTING THE GOING
CONCERN STATUS AND COMPANY’S OPERATION
IN FUTURE – NIL
33.0 AWARDS RECEIVED BY THE COMPANY

•

Donimalai complex has received the
prestigious Greentech HR Award 2023 under
“the Transformative HR Practices Category”
at New Delhi on 21st August 2023.

•

KIOM has bagged platinum award “14th
Exceed Green Future Environment” organized
by Sustainable Development Foundation,
New Delhi. The award ceremony was held on
25th August, 2023 at Lucknow.

•

Donimalai Iron Ore Mine has received
“PLATINUM AWARD” Under Apex India
Best Fire & Safety Measures Award 2023
and Kumarswamy Iron Ore Mine has
received “GOLD AWARD” Under Apex India
Occupational Health & Safety Award 2023 on
28th Aug’23.

•

Donimalai Iron ore mine and Kumaraswamy
Iron ore mines of NMDC received ‘Utthama

The details of awards received by the Company
are as follows:•

NMDC received Ispat Rajbhasha Samman
(Second) from Ministry of Steel for the year
2021-22 from Hon Minister of State for Steel
and Rural Development Shri Faggan Singh
Kulaste during Hindi Salahakar Samiti meeting
at Srinagar on 25th Apr’23.

•

NMDC won the ‘Mineral Development Award’
and the ‘Employer Brand of the Year Award’
at ASSOCHAM Business Excellence Awards
2023 in Kolkata on 03 Jul’23.

77

Financial Statements

Opening balance
as on 01.04.2023

Statutory Reports

All the provisions of the RTI Act 2005 are being
complied with by the Company. In order to ensure
timely disposal of RTI applications, PIOs have
been appointed in each of NMDC’s Units. A close
monitoring of the RTI applications received is
done to ensure that the replies are sent in time.
Transparency Audit /Third party Audit towards
proactive disclosure under RTI Act, 2005 has been
conducted.

Corporate Overview

Kiradul Complex
Bacheli Complex
SPL, Jagdalpur
Vizag Office

b.

Statutory Auditors

[p.82]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Suraksha Puraskara award’ from National
Safety Council, Karnataka at Bengaluru on 9th
Sep’23.
•

•

NMDC received the award of ‘Best
Organisation with Innovative HR Practices’
at the 22nd Asia Pacific HRM Congress in
Bangalore on 14th Sep’23.

NMDC bagged the Champion of Champions Award,
sweeping the 17th PRCI Global Communication
Conclave 2023, to bring home seventeen
Corporate Communication Excellence Awards
organised by Public Relations Council of India
(PRCI) in New Delhi on 23rd sep’23.

•

NMDC received the ‘‘Best Organisation Award’ at
the 37th Annual Chapter Convention on Quality
Concepts 2023 in Hyderabad on 25th Sep’23.

•

NMDC won Navratna Award and Mining Minerals
Award at the D&B PSU Summit 2023 in New Delhi
on 6th Oct’23.

•

NMDC, Bacheli complex bestowed with
Greentech CSR Award, 2023 in 2 categories i.e. 1.
outstanding achievements in Rural Development
& 2. outstanding achievements in Promotion of
Education award function held at Sonmarg on 22nd
Nov’23.

•

NMDC, Kirandul complex bestowed with
Greentech CSR Award, 2023 outstanding
achievement in Rural Development award function
held at Sonmarg on 22nd Nov’23.

•

NMDC, Head office Hyderabad, Kirandul Complex,
Bacheli Complex, Donimalai Iron Ore mine and
Kumaraswamy Iron Ore mine are bestowed with
Greentech Environment Excellence Awards, 2023
for outstanding achievements in Environment
Excellence during award function held at Sonmarg
on 24th Nov’23.

•

NMDC received Excellence Awards 2023 for
House Journal (Hindi), CSR Project for Women
Development, Sustainable Development Report
and Annual Report at the National PRSI Awards
held at New Delhi on 26th Nov’23.

•

Donimalai Iron Ore Mine at NMDC secured
the GOLD AWARD in Occupational Health &
Safety within the Mining and Metallurgy Sector,
recognized by Sustainable Development
Foundation, a unit of Har Ek Kaam Desh Ke Naam
on 15.12.2023.

•

KIOM, NMDC Ltd bagged a total of 6 prizes and
DIOM, NMDC Ltd bagged a total of 4 Prizes in
Group A1 and KIOM was declared Overall Winner in
the group in Safety Week Zone IV held at Chitapur,
Orient Cement.

78

•

NMDC has won the “Plaque Award” for excellence
in Financial Reporting for the year 2022-23 from
ICAI under the Public Sector Entities category held
on 13-01-2024.

•

NMDC is conferred with SCOPE Eminence Award
in the category of Corporate Social Responsibility
& Responsiveness by Hon’ble Vice President Shri
Jagdeep Dhankhar on 18-01-2024.

•

Bacheli complex has bagged overall FIRST PRIZE in
Annual Mines safety week celebrations -Bhilaspur
Region held on 17-01-2024.

•

Kirandul complex has bagged the overall 3rd
prize in B1 Category in Annual Mines safety week
celebrations -Bhilaspur Region held on 17-01-2024
with first prize in Welfare Amenities & HEMM and
Workshop categories and second prize in Publicity
and Propaganda, Occupational health centre &
General working categories.

•

NMDC Ltd., Donimalai Complex has won 12 prizes
in different categories in the final day function of
Mines Environment & Mineral Conservation Week
2023-24 held at Davangere on 20.01.2024.

•

NMDC won the “Most Sustainable & Innovative
Manufacturing Practices” award at the World HRD
Congress & Awards 2024 on 15-02-2024.

•

NMDC is awarded for “Best PSU for CSR in Mining
and Mineral at the Global CSR excellence and
leadership award” on world CSR Day.

•

NMDC has won CSR Commitment, Innovation
in Mining and HR Excellence awards at the
Governance Now 10th PSU Awards held on 22nd
March’ 24 at New Delhi.

•

NMDC BIOM, Bacheli has won the Strong
Commitment to HR Excellence award at the 14th CII
National HR Excellence Awards 2023-24 held on
22nd March’24 at Mumbai.

34.0 VIGIL MECHANISM
NMDC being a PSU, the guidelines of Central
Vigilance Commission (CVC) are applicable which
provides adequate safeguard against victimization
of the employees. The Board of Directors at its
451st meeting held on 20.09.2012 approved the
internal Whistle Blower Policy of NMDC. NMDC has
effectively implemented its internal Whistle Blower
Policy under CVO NMDC, the designated Nodal
Officer for the purpose, which has been uploaded
in the website of the company under the link
https://www.nmdc.co.in/investors/policies-anddocuments
35.0 DETAILS IN RESPECT OF FRAUDS REPORTED
BY AUDITORS UNDER SECTION 143(12) OTHER
THAN WHICH ARE REPORTABLE TO CENTRAL
GOVT – NIL

[p.83]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

36.0 FORMAL ANNUAL EVALUATION OF BOARD,
COMMITTEES AND INDIVIDUAL DIRECTORS.
NMDC Ltd., being a Government Company,
the terms and conditions of appointment
and remuneration of Functional Directors are
determined by the Government of India through its
Administrative Ministry, Ministry of Steel.

37.0 IMPLEMENTATION OF RISK MANAGEMENT
POLICY

Risk Management Committee
1)

Shri Vishal Babber, Independent Director

2)

Director (Finance)

3)

Director (Commercial)

5)

Director (Personnel)

6)

Director (Technical)

The Company as a part of its current Risk
Management Policy has identified top Risks That
Matters (RTMs) and documented Mitigation Plan /
Strategy for the same.
During the year under review, two meetings of the
Board level Risk Management Committee were
held. For details, please refer to the Corporate
Governance Report annexed to this report.
38.0 DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION POLICY
The Board of Directors has approved Dividend
Distribution Policy which has been uploaded in
the website of the company under the link https://
www.nmdc.co.in/ cms-admin/Upload/PoliciesDocument/ae4bb5f07e7e4654a3f881ccec7b9163_
20210920060806207.pdf
39.0 ERP Implementation, Digitalization and IT
Infrastructure
In the process of continuous improvement in
Digitalisation and Innovative activities, your
company has rolled out Dash Boards for the
functionalities like Material Module, Quality
Management, Human Resource Management &
Environment, Health and Safety etc. The company
has also launched Ex-employee Portal & Vigilance
Complaint Portal.

Statutory Reports

The Board at its 442nd meeting held on 19.01.2012
has approved the Risk Assessment and Risk
Mitigation Policy / Enterprise Risk Management
(ERM) of the Company. Accordingly, the Company
has constituted a Board level Risk Management
Committee comprising of Functional Directors
(excluding CMD) and one Independent Director.
The constitution of the Committee is as under:-

Director (Production)

Corporate Overview

In terms of notification dated 5th June, 2015 and
13th June, 2017 issued by Ministry of Corporate
Affairs, Govt. of India, Government Companies
have been exempted from applicability of some
of the provisions /sections of the Companies
Act, 2013 inter alia Sub-sections (2),(3) & (4) of
Section 178 regarding appointment, performance
evaluation and remuneration.

4)

Financial Statements

79

[p.84]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

As a part of automated data capturing on real
time basis, Belt Scales weightometers of Plants
in Donimalai Mines, Kumaraswamy Mines, Dep10&11A of Bacheli Mines are integrated with SAP.
Integration of Automated Data Capture for other
mines is under progress and will be done shortly.
Facial Biometric Recognition System for
attendance has been launched also in Kirandul,
Bacheli & Donimalai and integrated with SAP.
Towards Revamping of IT Infrastructure &
Technology refresh for providing seamless back
up and support to ERP and other Future Digital
Initiatives, an MOU entered with RailTel for
Implementation of IT Network Infrastructure.
Further, automations for digitalisation environment
like implementation of Vendor Invoice Management
System, development of E-Measurement Book,
Integration of SAP with Fleet Management System,
Hospital Management System are in process and
will be completed shortly.
40.0 COMPUTER & INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
INITIATIVES
1.

80

Structured Digital Database has been created
and software implemented for Prohibition
of Insider Trading by M/s.MSTC. Necessary
training was also imparted to all employees
virtually.

2.

Implementation of Hospital Management
System (HMS) is in progress at all project
hospitals of NMDC. It is likely to be
completed by 31.05.2024.

3.

FortiClient, FortiAuthenticator and
FortiSandbox has been implemented to
improve the security posture of the company.

4.

Barracuda Email Security Gateway has been
upgraded to a higher version.

5.

Virtual Data Room hosted on the cloud by
M/s.DCirrus has been extended for a period
of one more year.

6.

200 critical mailboxes of top management
and common departmental ids has been
moved to Microsoft O’365 and renewed for a
period of two years.

7.

Migration of SAP Data Centre from M/s.CtrlS,
Hyderabad to M/s.Webwerks was carried out
successfully with minimum downtime.

8.

Network modifications were carried out at
1st Floor Central Wing and R&D Centre at
Patancheru.

9.

Video Conferencing set up implemented at
NMDC RO, New Delhi and NMDC HO, 1st
Floor. This includes Wireless Ceiling Mics,
Retractable Monitors, Video Cameras and
Large Displays.

[p.85]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

10.

Technical support and assistance is being
extended to M/s.RailTel for the upgradation
of network infrastructure in progress at all the
units of NMDC.

11.

Technical support is being extended to
the team for implementation of Fleet
Management System (FMS) at Bailadila
Complex.

A Report on Management discussions and Analysis
as required in terms of Regulation 34 of SEBI
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015 is at Annexure-I.
42.0 REPORT ON CONSERVATION OF ENERGY,
TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION, FOREIGN
EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO UNDER THE
COMPANIES (ACCOUNTS) RULES, 2014 IS AT –
Annexure-II.
43.0 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Report on Corporate Governance is at AnnexureIII

As required under the provisions of the Companies
Act, 2013, the Annual Return is hosted on the
Company’s website and can be accessed from the
link https://www.nmdc.co.in/investors/financialdetails/annual-return
45.0 BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY & SUSTAINABILITY
REPORT

46.0 SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
Secretarial Audit Report in Form No.MR-3 pursuant
to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013
and Regulation 24A SEBI (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 is at
Annexure-V.

Report in terms of the Companies (Corporate
Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2021 is at
Annexure-VIII. The Report on CSR inter alia,
outlines details of CSR Policy and various CSR
initiatives of the company for the year under
review.
51.0 COMPLIANCE WITH SECRETARIAL STANDARDS
The Company has duly complied with the
applicable Secretarial Standards issued by the
Institute of Company Secretaries of India.
52.0 ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
Your Directors gratefully acknowledge the support,
cooperation and guidance received from the
Ministry of Steel, Ministry of Mines and Ministry of
Forests & Environment and other Departments of
Government of India and the State Governments of
Andhra Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Karnataka, Madhya
Pradesh, Jharkhand and Telangana.
Your Directors acknowledge the support extended
by the valued and esteemed international and
domestic customers, shareholders, stakeholders,
MMTC, Chennai Port Trust, Visakhapatnam
Port Trust, Railways and other Departments
of the Central and State Governments. We
believe that our long-term success is dependant
on our domestic customer relationship and
responsiveness. We will do everything possible
to provide our customers better, timely and value
added services.
The success of your Company is due to the
commitment and dedicated efforts of the
management and employees at all levels. Your
Directors place on record their appreciation and
also acknowledge the support and co-operation
of All India NMDC Workers’ Federation and their
members for the smooth functioning of the
Company’s operations.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors,

47.0 GLOBAL COMPACT – COMMUNICATION ON
PROGRESS
Report on compliance with principles of Global
Compact is at Annexure-VI.
48.0 STATEMENT CONTAINING SALIENT FEATURES OF
THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT / HIGHLIGHTS OF

(AMITAVA MUKHERJEE)
Chairman and Managing Director (Addl. Charge)
DIN: 08265207
Place : Hyderabad
Date : 20.08.2024

81

Financial Statements

In compliance with Regulation 34 of SEBI (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, Business Responsibility &
Sustainability Report (BRSR) is at Annexure-IV.
M/s Bureau Veritas (India) Pvt. Ltd. has been
engaged for obtaining reasonable assurance
on the same and is available on the link : www.
nmdc.co.in/important-links/environment-andsustainability.

50.0 REPORT ON CSR ACTIVITIES

Statutory Reports

44.0.EXTRACT OF ANNUAL RETURN UNDER SECTION
92(3) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013.

49.0 DISCLOSURE OF RELATED PARTY
TRANSACTIONS IN FORM AOC-2 IN TERMS OF
PROVISIONS OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 IS
ENCLOSED AT ANNEXURE-VII.

Corporate Overview

41.0 REPORT ON MANAGEMENT DISCUSSIONS AND
ANALYSIS

PERFORMANCE OF SUBSIDIARIES / ASSOCIATE
COMPANIES / JOINT VENTURES (FORM AOC-1) IS
ENCLOSED TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

[p.86]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

CSR @NMDC

82

[p.87]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Annexure - I

Management Discussion & Analysis: FY
2023-24
NMDC: An Overview

1.1

Introduction

the company plans to diversify into minerals other
than iron ore, which are essential for the energy
security and net-zero ambitions of the country.

NMDC has set ambitious targets to cross 50.0
million tonnes iron ore production with a target
of 53.8 MT in FY 2025 & with the ultimate
goal of reaching 100 million tonnes by 2030.
This endeavor will involve substantial capital
investments to expand and enhance the company’s
mining capabilities and infrastructure. Additionally,

Looking ahead, NMDC remains committed to
creating long-term value for all its stakeholders.
Beyond financial returns, NMDC places a high
priority on the socio-economic development of
communities surrounding its mining operations.
These efforts highlight NMDC’s dedication as a
responsible corporate entity, emphasizing inclusive
growth and sustainable development.
1.2

Operating Projects
NMDC operates three highly-mechanized iron
ore mine complexes in the states of Chhattisgarh
and Karnataka. Two of the complexes are
located in Dantewada (Chhattisgarh), namely
Kirandul Complex and Bacheli Complex, that has
a production capacity of 37.8 MTPA. The third
complex in Bellary (Karnataka), namely, Donimalai
Iron Ore Complex has production capacity of
15.62 MTPA (from the two pits- Kumaraswamy &
Donimalai). NMDC also has a 1.2 MTPA pellet
plant at Donimalai.
NMDC also operates the Diamond Mining Project,
Panna (M.P.), which is the only mechanized
Diamond Mine in Asia.

83

Financial Statements

NMDC is the largest iron ore producer in
India, consistently demonstrating remarkable
performance with an annual production exceeding
40 million tonnes over the past three years. In
FY 2024, NMDC reached a significant milestone
by producing 45.02 million tonnes of iron ore,
surpassing the 45 million tonne mark for the first
time. This year, NMDC also resumed operations
at its Panna Diamond Project in Madhya
Pradesh after a halt of more than three years,
demonstrating the resilience and commitment of
its stakeholders to achieve growth. Additionally,
NMDC expanded its mineral portfolio by initiating
production at the Mt. Celia Gold Project through
its Australian subsidiary, Legacy Iron Ore Limited
(LIOL). NMDC’s Tokisud North and Rohne coal
blocks in Jharkhand are anticipated to begin
production soon, marking another historic first for
NMDC as it ventures into domestic coal mining.

NMDC is dedicated to optimizing its operations
and innovating processes to enhance efficiency
throughout the organization. The company is
continuously working to digitalize its processes,
which improves the functioning and management
of its activities. Furthermore, NMDC regularly
reviews its operational strategies to increase
productivity, reduce waste, and improve overall
performance, ensuring it remains competitive and
efficient in its sector. In FY’24, NMDC has recorded
a revenue of ₹ 21,294 crores, with a rise of 21%
over last year. NMDC recorded a Profit (before
tax) of ₹ 8,012 crores in FY’24 and a net worth of
₹ 25,406 crores (as of 31st March 2024). NMDC
has a strong history of rewarding investors with
an average dividend payment of around 832.79%
(on Face value of ₹ 1 per share) in the last 5 years,
which is the testimony to consistently creating
value for its stakeholders.

Statutory Reports

NMDC Limited, established in November 1958,
plays a pivotal role in the Indian mining and
minerals sector. As a ‘Navratna’ public sector
enterprise under the Ministry of Steel, NMDC
is renowned for its significant profitability. The
company produces high-quality iron ore with
a premium grade of 64% Fe and maintains a
strong financial position, enabling significant
investment capacity. With over six decades of
experience, NMDC has successfully navigated
challenging terrains and difficult market conditions
and is continuously expanding its global reach.
Strategically located near key demand centers,
NMDC operates with one of the lowest cash costs
(C1) in the industry, making it highly competitive
against global counterparts in the iron ore
business.

Corporate Overview

1.

[p.88]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Apar t from the above, NMDC has wide presence across the country as shown in the map.

1.3

Global Presence
Legacy Iron Ore Limited, Perth, Australia
Legacy Iron Ore Ltd. (Legacy) is an ASX-listed
mineral resources company based in Perth,
Western Australia, focusing on gold, iron ore and
base metals. NMDC has 91.38% equity in the
company. Legacy holds 24 prospective tenements
across its Mount Bevan, South Laverton, and East
Kimberley project areas in Western Australia. The
tenements are in various stages of exploration for
a host of commodities, including iron (1), gold (20),
base metals and tungsten (3).
The Mount Bevan Project in Western Australia
is of strategic importance to Legacy. It endows
a significant magnetite Mineral Resource of
1.17 billion tonnes at 34.9% Fe (JORC Inferred
& Indicated). The project has been the focus of
considerable investment, with approximately
21,000 meters of reverse circulation (RC) and
3,000 meters of core drilling for iron ore (haematite
and magnetite) and nickel exploration.
Legacy signed a Joint Venture (JV) Magnetite
Agreement with Hancock Magnetite Prospecting
Ltd (Hancock) to complete a pre-feasibility study

84

(PFS). Under this arrangement, Hancock will
invest and undertake the developmental works
in Mount Bevan Project. Currently, Legacy has a
42% interest in the asset. After completing the
pre-feasibility studies, Legacy will retain a 29.4%
interest in Mount Bevan JV.
Additionally, to further underpin the future
potential and strategic importance of the Mount
Bevan tenement, Legacy signed a joint venture
agreement for lithium and other minerals with
Hancock in June 2023. Currently, Legacy has
a 55.5% interest in the asset. The Agreement
formalizes terms for Hancock to earn-in to all
non-iron minerals, focusing on the exploration and
development of lithium and other critical minerals.
The South Laverton Project includes Mount
Celia, Yilgangi, Yerilla and Patricia North gold
assets. Mining Lease for Mount Celia Gold Project
has been granted by the Western Australian
Department of Mining Industry Regulation and
Safety (DMIRS) in the first half of 2023. Mount
Celia has a declared JORC-compliant Mineral
Resource of 312,600 ounces at 1.39g/t Au
supported by 30,173 meters of RC drilling and 1,150
meters of core drilling.

[p.89]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

significant progress in other ongoing projects.
Rapid Wagon Loading System (RWLS-I) at Kirandul
Complex has been completed and Screening Plant
(SP-III) at BIOM Kirandul Complex has progressed
well in construction activities.

•

To augment the evacuation capacity from the
Bailadila sector, many projects & schemes are
being taken up like doubling of KK line, RowghatJagdalpur line, Slurry Pipeline, etc. Doubling of
KK line is being executed by Railways as deposit
work is in full swing and few completed sections
have been opened for traffic. Out of 150 km of
planned doubling of railway line, 86% of work has
already been completed & the project is likely to
be completed by FY’25. The completion of this
project will augment the evacuation capacity of the
Bailadila sector through the Railway line from 28
MTPA to 40 MTPA.

•

NMDC is in the process of setting up a slurry
pipeline, along with an associated beneficiation
plant & pellet plant, in phases, for economical
transportation of iron ore to locations from where
the pellets/ore can be supplied to the industry.

•

Activities for Phase-1 of Slurry Pipe Line including
2 MTPA capacity Ore Processing Plant (OPP) at
Bacheli, 15 MTPA capacity Slurry Pipeline System
(130 km) from Bacheli to Nagarnar and 2 MTPA
capacity Pellet Plant at Nagarnar, are under
progress. The first phase of project is likely to be
completed in FY’26.

•

Ministry of Coal has allocated two Coal Blocks
namely Tokisud North Coal block & Rohne Coal
Block on 17th March 2020 for commercial sale &
captive purposes. NMDC has appointed MDO for
Tokisud North Coal Block and plans to start its
operations in FY’26. Various activities like land
acquisition etc. are under progress.

•

NMDC has developed an intermediate iron ore
stockyard at Kumar Marenga in Chhattisgarh
for uninterrupted supplies to customers. This
stockyard became operational in FY’23.

•

NMDC is pursuing the allocation of new iron ore
deposits both through participation in auction and
reservation through government dispensation
route [(section 17A(2A) of the revised MMDR Act,
2015)] for further expansion in capacity.

•

As part of the thrust to tap renewable energy
sources, NMDC installed wind energy of about 100
MW at Chitradurga, Karnataka State and a 1.5 MW
rooftop power plants in various production units.

The Yilgangi and Patricia North tenements are
in the early to mid-stage of exploration maturity.
Yilgangi has a Mineral Resource of 10,000 ounces
but can potentially develop as a satellite gold
deposit for Mount Celia’s operation.
The East Kimberley Project is 350 kms south of
Kunnunura, Western Australia. It includes Koongie
Park, Sophie Downs, Ruby Plains and Taylor
Lookout tenements, known to host prospective
geology for base metals, gold, rare earth elements
(REE) and tungsten mineralization. The East
Kimberley tenements are in the early stages of
exploration, with first- pass drilling for base metal
exploration completed.
International Coal Ventures Pvt. Ltd. (ICVL)
ICVL, a joint venture company of SAIL, RINL &
NMDC, acquired a coking/thermal coal mine in
Mozambique in 2014 and operation of the same
was taken over by ICVL. NMDC holds 26% stake in
ICVL. Benga mine, one of the operational asset of
ICVL, has produced about 1.24 Milion tons in FY’24
(Both low ash &high ash) and exported 1.31 Million
Tons.
1.4

Growth Plan

•

NMDC has made a comprehensive strategic
management plan to enhance its iron ore
production capacity to 67 MTPA by FY-26 and
further to 100 MTPA by FY-30 to meet the growing
requirements of iron ore in the Indian Steel sector.
The strategy focuses on growth largely through
brownfield expansion of existing mines and
improving the evacuation infrastructure.

•

NMDC also envisages expanding through the
development of Deposit-13 & Deposit-4 (greenfield
projects), under a Joint Venture company of NMDC
Limited and Chhattisgarh Mineral Development
Corporation (NCL).

•

In FY’24, the Company has progressed significantly
on various activities to enhance its production
capacity completion of various projects and

85

Financial Statements

Further, NMDC is planning to enhance the EC
capacities of mines in the mining complexes of
Bailadila and Donimalai. Further to the demerger
of NMDC Steel Limited, NSL plant has been
commissioned and started production during this
Financial Year.

Statutory Reports

•

Corporate Overview

Legacy has commenced Gold mining operations
in Mt. Celia Gold Project on 5th November, 2023
and first sale of ore has been done in March
2024. Legacy has entered into an Ore Purchase
Agreement (OPA) with Paddington Gold Pty
Ltd. The ore is being hauled to the Paddington
processing, with payment initiated on the first
delivery of each ore parcel. The average Grade
and recovery is being determined from Grade
Determination Activities (GDA) undertaken by
independent drilling contractors and analytical
laboratories. The life of a mine for the first phase
of mining is approximately 14 months. Resource
definition drilling is planned to increase confidence
in the Inferred mineral resource and extend the life
of the Mt. Celia Gold Operation mine.

[p.90]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

•

To achieve ‘Net Zero’ by 2040, NMDC requires to
plan for renewable energy project of 100 MW. As
a step forward, Pre-Feasibility studies of the solar
projects on vacant land available at SIU Paloncha
(150 MW solar power plant in 150 acres) and at
DBM Panthal (20 MW solar power plant in 60
acres) are being taken up.

•

Based on the Pre-Feasibility study Reports, NMDC
will take appropriate action to install 70 MW solar
power plants by 2030 and achieve the “Net Zero”
by 2040.

1.5

Exploration & Reserve Estimation:

•

NMDC has a dedicated exploration wing at Raipur,
fully equipped to undertake the exploration of
minerals. NMDC has conducted more than 10,000
meters of core drilling in FY’24, at existing mines.
NMDC is also conducting exploration in different
blocks of Iron ore, Manganese, & Diamond in M.P.
under MOU route. Besides, it has also established
a well-equipped Centre for Geostatistics and
has a Remote sensing lab at Corporate Office,
Hyderabad. NMDC has full-fledged mine planning
wings at Corporate office as well as at project
sites for orebody modeling, reserve estimation, pit
design & scheduling, with advanced software like
Surpac, Whittle & Minesched.

1.6

flow sheet development, mineralogical studies,
material handling & storage, metallurgical studies
of iron ore and coal, chemical analysis etc. It
is a pioneer in the field of beneficiation and
continuously working for development of dry
beneficiation technology for different ores and
minerals. It is endowed with state of art laboratory
equipment to analyze different minerals, coals,
metals and non-metals. R&D center has developed
technology for dry beneficiation of iron ore using
compressed air, and patent for same was filed in
the year 2020 with application no 202041006098.
NMDC holds 21 patents for its innovations at
R&D centre. NMDC innovation and incubation
centre (NICE) launched with i-TIC foundation, IIT,
Hyderabad and running successfully for last five
years.
2.

Market Environment
2.1

86

Economy:

2.1.1 Global:
1.

The world economy is expected to continue
growing at a rate of 3.2 percent during 2024 and
2025, maintaining the same pace as seen in 2023.
Global inflation is expected to decline steadily,
from 6.8 percent in 2023 to 5.9 percent in 2024
and further to 4.5 percent in 2025. Advanced
economies are anticipated to return to their
inflation targets sooner than emerging developing
economies.

2.

The risks to the global outlook are now broadly
balanced. On the downside, new price spikes
might stem from geopolitical tensions such as the
war in Ukraine and the conflict in Gaza and Israel.

3.

Without a comprehensive response to its troubled
property sector, China’s economic growth could
potentially decline.

4.

Growth in India is expected to remain robust. This
strength reflects ongoing domestic demand and a
growing working-age population.

5.

Russia experienced growth in 2023 due to strong
government spending and investment related to
the war, alongside higher consumer spending
due to a tight labour market and strong oil export
revenues amidst Western sanctions.

Research & Development:
NMDC operates a state-of-the-art Research &
Development (R&D) Centre at Hyderabad, which
has been declared as a “Centre of Excellence”
by the United Nations Industrial Development
Organisation (UNIDO). NMDC R&D centre is
dedicated to undertake product and technology
development projects related to ores, minerals and
steel making to maintain its excellence in process
performance. R&D centre has made significant
contribution not only to NMDC operating projects
but also to Indian industries and is recognized by
Department of Scientific and Industrial Research
(DSIR). The R&D Centre undertakes different
projects to mitigate the operational challenges of
different units of NMDC and provide solutions in
terms of improvement in the system or change in
technology, to achieve a continual enhancement
in its processes & operations. The Centre provides
solutions to external agencies as well. R&D centre
undertakes works related to mineral processing,

Industry Structure & Developments

[p.91]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Overview of World Economic Outlook Projections (GDP Growth %)
Region/Country

Projections
2022

2023

World

3.5

2024

2025

3.2

3.2

3.2

2.2

1.7

1.7

1.6

2.7

1.8

2

2.4

US

1.9

2.5

2.7

1.9

EU

3.6

0.6

1.1

1.8

UK

4.3

0.1

0.5

1.5

Canada

3.8

1.1

1.2

2.3

Emerging market & developing economies

4.1

4.3

4.2

4.2

Russia

-1.2

3.6

3.2

1.8

China

3

5.2

4.6

4.1

India*

7.0

8.2

6.6

6.75

Brazil

3

2.9

2.2

2.1

Corporate Overview

Major Advanced Economies (G7)
Other Advanced Economies

Source: IMF, Deloitte Insights, Economic Survey
Note: * For India, the data and forecasts are presented in a fiscal year basis with FY 2022-23 (April’22 – Mar’23)
shown in the 2022 column.
Owing to the stronger than expected growth in FY
24, India’s nominal GDP for 2023-24 is estimated
to attain a level of ₹295.36 lakh crore1. The real
GDP growth rate for the full year stood at 8.2%2
in the fiscal year 2023-24. Strong domestic
demand for consumption and investment, along
with Government’s continued emphasis on capital
expenditure are seen as among the key drivers of
the GDP in FY24.

Major factors contributing to the growth outlook
include digital revolution, a facilitating regulatory
environment supportive of entrepreneurship,
1
2

Indian economy is now better placed to take on
following emerging challenges- end of hyper
globalization in global manufacturing, advent of
Artificial Intelligence, and energy transition. Priority
areas for future reforms include enhancing skills
and improving learning outcomes, strengthening
health systems, ensuring energy security, reducing
regulatory burdens for MSMEs, and promoting
gender equality in the labor force. Each of these
areas is critical for building a resilient and inclusive
economy.
In FY 25, real GDP is expected to lie between
6.5%-7% with a considerable scope for the growth
rate to rise above 7% by 2030. India has emerged
as the fastest-growing major economy in the
world and is expected to be one of the top three
economic powers in the world over the next 10-15
years.

Economic Survey 2023-24
Economic Survey 2023-24

87

Financial Statements

According to the Economic Survey 2023-24,
inflation has shown a notable moderation in FY
24. After averaging 6.7% in FY23, retail inflation
experienced a decline to 5.4% in FY24. Contrary
to the global trend of widening fiscal deficits and
increasing debt burdens, India has pursued fiscal
consolidation, reducing its fiscal deficit from 6.4%
of GDP in FY23 to 5.6% in FY24. India’s external
sector is being adeptly managed, characterized
by comfortable foreign exchange reserves and
a stable exchange rate. As of March 2024, forex
reserves were sufficient to cover 11 months of
projected imports. These indicators collectively
reflect a path towards enhanced economic stability
and strength. There has been immense public
sector capital investment which has led to tangible
and transformative ramp-up of physical and digital
infrastructure in the country.

measures targeted at economic upliftment of
the most vulnerable sections of the society,
developing niche and complex manufacturing
sectors while building the supporting physical
infrastructure, and efforts directed at diversifying
its export basket and moving toward higher
value–added products. This year is a significant
landmark in India’s status among the global comity
of nations, owing to some of the major strides such
as hosting G20 Presidency, reaching the South
Pole of the Moon via Chandrayaan-3 spacecraft,
and achieving fastest deployment of 5G globally,
among others.

Statutory Reports

2.1.2 India

[p.92]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

2.2 Iron Ore Industry Outlook

curbs on China’s crude steel production, which can
be attributed to the government’s target to reduce
carbon emissions.

2.2.1 Global: Steel & Iron Ore
Global crude steel production witnessed an
increase of 0.4%, rising to 1.892 billion tons in
2023 from 1.885 billion tons in 2022. China was
responsible for approximately 54% of global
crude steel production in 2023. China’s crude
steel output decreased by 2.8% year on year to
1.035 billion tons in 2021 and further decreased
by 1.64% year on year to 1.018 billion tonnes in
2022. In 2023, crude steel output remained flat
compared with 2022 volumes, mainly due to the

Indian crude steel production increased from
125 million tonnes in 2022 to 140 million tonnes
in 2023 (12% increase). Production in Japan, the
third largest globally, dipped to 87 million tonnes in
2023.
Russia’s steel output rose to 75.8 million tonnes
in 2023. Steel production in Germany, Europe’s
largest steel producer, reached 35.4 million tonnes
in 2023, a 3.8% year-on-year decline.

Crude Steel Production
2023 (MT)

Crude Steel Production
2022 (MT)

China

1,019

1,018

India

140

125

Japan

87

89

United States

81

81

Russia

76

72

South Korea

67

66

Germany

35

37

Turkiye

34

35

Brazil

32

34

Iran

31

31

Others

290

297

World Total

1,892

1,885

Country

Source: WSA
In 2024, steel demand is expected to see an increase of 1.9% to 1.849.1 billion tonnes, growth is expected to
accelerate in most regions, but deceleration is expected in China. Global Steel Market is projected to reach 1.98
- 2.3 billion tonnes by 2030, growing at a CAGR of 0.7 - 2.9%3. The construction sector is projected to record
2.6% CAGR & Machinery Sector is expected to grow at 2.8% CAGR4.
In 2023, global iron ore production reached 2.5 billion tonnes. Australia and Brazil collectively accounted
for approximately 56% of the total, producing 960 million tonnes and 440 million tonnes respectively. China
followed as the third-largest producer, contributing 280 million tonnes. India also played a significant role in the
global market, ranking as the fourth-largest producer with a production of 251 million tonnes.
As per IEA’s projection, steel production is estimated to reach 2.5 billion tonnes in 2050 in a sustainable
development scenario if the steel industry wants to achieve the goals of the Paris Agreement (direct CO2
emissions to fall by 50% by 2050 over the forecast period). Global iron ore consumption is expected to stabilize
in the future, and a gradual shift is anticipated in crude steel production methodology. Moving away from the
traditional blast furnace-basic oxygen furnace (BF-BoF) route, there is a trend toward adopting scrap and
direct reduced iron (DRI)-based electric routes. This shift is occurring within the context of the broader energy
transition landscape, reflecting an increasing focus on more sustainable and energy-efficient production
methods.
2.2.2 India: Steel & Iron Ore
•

India is the second-largest producer of crude steel globally with 143.6 million tonnes of crude steel production
in FY 24, registering an increase of ~15% compared with 125 million tonnes produced in FY 235.

5 Ministry of Steel- Monthly Summaries

88

[p.93]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Finished steel consumption in FY24 stood at 135.9 million tonnes6, ~14% higher than previous year, indicating
robust demand.

•

The buildings and construction industry are the primary demand drivers, followed by the capital goods and
automotive industry. The Indian government’s initiatives and schemes, such as GatiShakti Master Plan, Make
in India, Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojna - Housing for all, Urban infrastructure development scheme for small and
medium towns, etc., have created prospects for significant consumption of steel.

•

In CY 2023, India’s per capita steel consumption stood at 93 kgs7, substantially lower than the global average of
219 kgs. However, India’s steel consumption is increasing at one of the fastest rates worldwide. This contrasts
with other regions, where slower growth rates have contributed to a slight decline in overall global per capita
steel consumption.

•

The iron ore mining sector experienced substantial growth in FY 2024, with total production reaching 275
million tonnes. The production of iron ore has increased from 72 million tonnes in Q1 FY 2023-24 (April-June) to
79 million tonnes in the same period for FY 2024-25, reflecting a growth of 9.7%8. This growth can be attributed
to several factors, including increased steel production, the expansion of existing mines, the commencement of
new domestic iron ore mines, and a rise in exports.

•

In FY 2024, the leading iron ore merchant miners included NMDC, OMC, and Rungta Mines, and key captive
players being Tata Steel, SAIL, and JSW. Iron ore exports surged by 125% to 48 million tonnes9, driven by the
removal of export duties on low grade iron ore and bolstered by high production levels.

•

As per National Steel Policy 2017, the crude steel production target for India stands at 255 million tonnes for
FY 30, with the crude steel capacity reaching 300 million tonnes. To achieve these targets, there would be an
iron ore requirement of around 437 million tonnes, as per NITI Aayog. The iron and steel industry is anticipated
to witness a shift in the process route share for steel production, with an expected increase in the share of the
BF-BOF route. Additionally, there will be increased utilization of ferrous scrap.

Year
2022-23

10

2030-31

BOF

EAF

IF

46.22%

22.17%

31.61%

60-65%

11

Statutory Reports

Table 2 BOF-EAF-IF process route share: India

35-40%

Table 3 Ferrous Scrap Utilization (in India)12
Year

Utilization (MT)
18.36

FY 22

26.74

FY 23

25.11

FY 24

32.76
55

•

NMDC, being the largest producer of iron ore in India, is preparing itself to cater to this upcoming demand and
contribute to the nation by setting itself ambitious goals to achieve in 2030.

•

The Indian iron and steel industry holds a positive outlook attributed to its robust demand, supportive policies,
and competitive advantages, including the easy availability of low-cost manpower and the fifth largest iron ore
reserves in the world.

6 Ministry of Steel- Monthly Summaries
7 WSA
8 PIB Release
9 Big Mint
10 Joint Plant Committee Annual statistics 2022-23
11 National Steel Policy 2017
12 SteelMint

89

Financial Statements

FY 21

FY 30 (P)

Corporate Overview

•

[p.94]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

3.

NMDC – Opportunities & Threats

a)

Opportunities

i)

Envisaged growth in domestic steel production
on account of the factors mentioned below would
lead to higher demand for Iron Ore in the country:

•

The construction and infrastructure sectors
account for more than 60 percent of the overall
steel consumption. The infrastructure development
activities by the Government of India to drive the
growth of the construction, automotive, consumer
durables sectors etc. are expected to boost the
iron and steel sector demand in India.
India’s low per capita steel consumption and ample
scope of urbanization, rural steel consumption is
expected to play a pivotal role in the Indian steel
industry’s growth. Multiple key initiatives by the
government along with a host of consumption
enablers are expected to drive up the steel
demand in key end-use sectors of the rural
economy (food processing and storage, agriculture
and farming, dairy and animal husbandry, and
rural infrastructure development). Government
initiatives for Self-Reliant India creating new
avenues to set-up new industries is leading to
demand in iron and steel.

•

•

Numerous foreign companies are setting up their
facilities in India on account of various Government
initiatives like Make in India and Digital India.

•

The government envisages bringing India’s GDP
to US$ 5 trillion by FY25 and achieve uppermiddle income status on the back of digitization,
globalization, favorable demographics, and reforms
that will create demand for steel in the domestic
market.

•

Increase in demand for high-grade ore worldwide
considering environmental concerns. NMDC’s iron
ore is one of the best grades of ore in the world.

•

Continuous thrust by the government to use
domestically manufactured iron and steel products
in government procurement.

•

Further capacity addition by steel players in near
future.

ii)

IMF projections of 6.8% GDP growth in 2024,
Production Linked Incentive scheme for specialty
steel sector expected to attract additional
investment of ₹ 40,000 Cr, PM Gati Shakti–National
Master Plan for multi-modal connectivity to reduce
the logistic costs- All are expected to drive the
steel demand vis-à-vis iron ore demand in future.

90

iii)

Provisions under MMDR Act, 2021 such as grant/
extension of mining lease for the government
companies on the payment of additional revenue,
transfer of statutory clearances valid till the expiry
of ML will give NMDC competitive advantage over
others.

iv)

Development of National Mineral Index could help
in further driving the profitability and investments
in metal mining sector.

b)

Threats

i)

Rising inflation can impact consumption and
lead to fiscal tightening increasing the cost of
borrowings affecting investments.

ii)

Intensification of geopolitical tension in Europe can
disrupt the whole market dynamics.

iii)

Uncertainty in export duties of iron ore, pellets can
lead to volatility in the prices of iron ore, further
leading to reduced iron ore demand.

iv)

Demand for Iron ore may fall in the international
market in long term due to the decline in the
Chinese steel production, and shift towards EAF/IF
route for recycling scrap steel.

v)

New iron ore leases being auctioned and the
recent amendments to MMDR Act allowing sale of
50% of the iron ore production of captive mines in
open market may lead to increase in supply of iron
ore and increase the competition in the market.

vi)

Backward integration by Steel makers into iron ore
mining after the start of auctioned mines will affect
the demand from the customers of the Company.

vii)

Indian iron ore industry will continue to be
uncompetitive on a global level due to higher rates
of royalty and other levies such as DMF, NMET,
Export duty etc. as well as significantly higher
logistics costs.

viii) Increasing regulatory pressure on environment,
health & safety and sustainability.
ix)

Disturbances due to Maoist activities in Bailadila
region from where the majority of NMDC’s
production comes. At the same time, the location
of Bailadila has a logistic disadvantage.
NMDC’s business would continue to be affected
by developments impacting the demand-supply
scenario & price fluctuations of iron ore in both the
global and domestic markets.

[p.95]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

4.

Segment-wise or Product-wise performance

4.1

Physical Performance of NMDC
Details

2019-20

2020-21

2021-22

2022-23

2023-24

Production:
Production of Iron Ore WMT
(In lakh tonnes)

341.50

421.88

408.17

450.22

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

28,537.23

13,681.01

NIL

NIL

295.61

1,10,482

83,751

1,82,299

2,02,330

2,63,053

315.16

332.52

406.68

382.23

444.81

Sale of Diamonds (carats)

33,722.99

22,248.84

25,218.95

NIL

NIL

Sale of Sponge Iron (tonnes)

1,943.88

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

85,793

92,774

1,96,972

1,88,988

2,40,126

Production of Sponge Iron (tonnes)
Production of Diamonds (carats)
Production Pellets (in tonnes)
Sales:
Sale of Iron Ore (in lakh tonnes)

Sale of Pellets (tones)
4.2 Financial Performance of NMDC

Sale of Iron Ore

(₹ in Cr.)
2019-20

2020-2021

2021-22

2022-23

2023-24

15,233.70

25,546.66

17447.40

21,049.47

Sale of Diamonds

34.29

21.10

62.93

NIL

NIL

Sale of Wind Power

5.40

5.17

4.99

6.08

6.25

Sale of Sponge Iron

4.39

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

Sales- Pellet

55.55

73.50

222.11

165.50

232.40

Sales – Others

30.59

36.59

45.10

47.91

5.69

Turnover

11,699.22

15,370.06

25,964.79

17,666.88

21,293.81

EBITDA

6,426.69

9,146.27

13,349.27

8,048.16

8,428.59

PBT

6,123.48

8,901.10

13,023.36

7,637.52

8,013.30

PAT

3,610.12

6,253.05

9,447.59

5,528.63

5,631.89

Dividend

1,619.72

2,274.15

4,319.72

1,934.21

2,124.69

45%

36%

46%

35%

38%

Dividend as % of PAT
5.

Outlook for NMDC
NMDC proposes to augment its production capacity of iron ore to 67 million tonnes by FY’26 and further to
100 MT by FY’30. It has also embarked on value addition projects by setting up a 1.2 MTPA pellet plant utilizing
slimes in Karnataka and a 3.0 MTPA integrated steel plant in Chhattisgarh (Now demerged as a separate legal
entity as NMDC Steel Limited). The NSL has been commissioned during August 2023. NMDC-CMDC Limited
(NCL), a JV company of NMDC Limited & CMDC Limited, will also start production from Dep-13 through MDO
in the near future. Dep-4 has been also allocated to NCL, which will add further value to NMDC production
& profit numbers. NMDC has also developed an intermediate stockpile at Kumar Marenga near Jagdalpur to
ensure an uninterrupted supply of ore to the customers. To augment evacuation capacity, NMDC is supporting
on doubling of K-K line (Kirandul- Kotvatsala), Rowghat-Jagdalpur line, Slurry Pipeline, etc. Legacy iron ore
Limited, Perth Australia which is a subsidiary of NMDC has started Gold mining at Mt. Celia during this FY.

91

Financial Statements

11,569.00

Statutory Reports

Details

Corporate Overview

314.89

[p.96]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

To diversify further its business, NMDC is planning
to start one of the Coal Mine, namely Tokisud
North, Jharkhand in FY’25. NMDC will also start
actions to operationalize the other allocated Coal
Block, Rohne, in the next 2-3 years.
NMDC is preparing its Diversification &
International Expansion Strategy to venture into
various identified minerals & geographies & will
continue to look for opportunistic assets based on
the recommendation & strategy in the formulated
report.

7.

Necessary disclosure in respect of Internal Control
Systems and their adequacy has been made in
Annexure-C to the Independent Auditors’ Report
dated 27th May, 2024 which forms part of the
Annual Report.
8.

6.

Risks and Concerns
NMDC is exposed to sharp fluctuations in demand
for its products and volatility in prices. Falling
prices of iron ore, especially in international market
will support the import by the steel players & exert
pressure on domestic supply & prices.
Introduction of Auction rule has increased risks
for NMDC as its major customers have acquired
captive mines in mineral-rich states, mainly
JSW & AM-NS. Both JSW & AMNS have already
started production from newly acquired mines &
planned to increase it further in the near future.
New tranches of auction are likely to add further
capacity of iron ore to steel players as well as
other merchant players in near future. This is likely
to adversely impact the market for NMDC over the
medium to long term.
One of the major risks that NMDC is facing is the
disturbances due to Maoist activities in Bailadila
region. The Company is in contact with the
Government agencies at all levels for support and
protection of its employees and installations.
Although NMDC is entering into Coal Mining, the
opening of the Coal sector for Commercial mining
will increase the competition for NMDC in the short
to medium term.
Timely enhancement of evacuation capacity in line
with production plans also remains a potential risk.
This could impact production and inventory levels
for NMDC.

92

Discussion on financial performance with
respect to operational performance
During the year under review, the Company’s
revenue from operations increased by 21% from ₹
17667 crores to ₹ 21294 crores mainly on account
of:

NMDC is committed to focusing on maintaining
cost competitiveness in the global and domestic
markets in a scenario where prices are expected to
remain subdued. Further, NMDC is taking various
initiatives towards automation & digitization
of its operation to further improve its cost
competitiveness.
Along with robust strategic planning to support
its growth agenda, NMDC continues to enhance
organizational capabilities and other enablers to
achieve its short-term and long-term objectives.

Internal control systems and their adequacy

•

Increase in Iron ore Sales quantity by 16.37%
from 382.23 Lakh Tons to 444.81 Lakh Tons.

•

Realization was higher by 3.65% during this
period from ₹ 4565/- per ton to ₹ 4,732/- per
ton.

Details on financial performance with respect to
operational performance are given in detail in the
Directors’ Report.
9.

Material developments in Human Resources/
Industrial Relations front, including number of
people employed.
The human capital of NMDC has been its key
driving factor and its greatest asset. The company
has made concerted efforts in keeping the
workforce highly engaged and motivated.
On one hand, continuous improvement is made
to improve the quality of life at the townships
with investments in parks, community halls, upgradation/construction of new quarters, clubs,
gymnasium, facilities for different sports such
as tennis, badminton, table-tennis, cricket, etc.
NMDC has also taken revisions in various welfare
measures & advance from time to time. It also
focuses on various types of insurances beneficial
to the employees.
During Covid time, NMDC has taken various
initiative to give the health & safety of the
employees’ utmost priority. Apart from supporting
the employees in various sanitization & health
measures, Ex-Gratia of ₹ 15 Lakhs for deceased
employees’ family has been also started, which is
over and above the existing facility of payment of
last Basic + DA every month for family of deceased
employees. Various additional facilities for families
of deceased employees have also been extended.
Training and skill up-gradation forms an important
area where assessment is first made to understand
employee needs and concerns and then,
appropriate training programmes are organized
throughout the year. Even during Covid time,
NMDC continued its training programs through
Web-based learning initiatives. NMDC has further

[p.97]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

associated with reputed institutes like IIM, IIT and
ISB for imparting training.
NMDC has also started happiness building
initiative by imparting specific training in line with
IKIGAI, on happy workplace. As a result of the
all-round measures being taken by the company,
attrition from NMDC has been marginal, despite
remote locations of the NMDC mines.

4)

Increase in purchase by the company by 14%
over the previous year.
Sector Specific equivalent ratios as
applicable.
11.

Keeping in view the various diversification projects
like Pellet Plant etc., & expansion of existing
projects, the company has taken initiative to train
its existing manpower and also to go for fresh
induction.

5,722

2020-21

:

5,569

2021-22

:

5,539

2022-23

:

5,713

2023-24

:

5,630

1)

Debt Equity Ratio

: 0.13 ( P.Y. 0.09)

Increase in Short term borrowings: Short term
working capital loan and Bill discounting for
₹ 1,235 crore.
2)

Debt Service Coverage Ratio: 1.76 (PY 2.70)
Increase in Short term borrowings: Short term
working capital loan and Bill discounting for
₹ 1,235 crore.

3)

Trade receivables Turnover ratio: 5.42 (PY
4.13).
Increase in revenue from operation by 21%
(Current Year Turnover increases to ₹ 21,294

(% of
Change)

Net Worth (₹
In crore)

25,406

22,332 (+) 13.76 %

PAT (₹ in
crore)

5,632

5,529

22.17(%)

24.76(%)

(+) 1.86 %

The Company has declared 1st Interim Dividend for
FY 2023-24 @ ₹ 5.75 per share in the month of
Dec 2023 and Final Dividend for FY 2023-24 @
₹ 1.50 per share in the month of March 2024.
Amount outgo towards 1st interim Dividend is
₹ 1,685.11 crores. The share of Government with
equity stake of 60.79% is ₹ 1,024.44 crores.
12.

Sustainability
NMDC is publishing Sustainability Report as per
the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards,
capturing initiatives taken by NMDC over the years
in Economic, Environmental and Social aspects. As
the world is now traversing more uncertainty than
ever, NMDC is focusing on building sustainable and
resilient businesses to survive in the long run and
to make a meaningful contribution to the battle
against climate change through an increasing
investing environment, social and governance
(ESG) initiatives.

Details of significant changes in Key Financial
Ratios:
Details of significant changes (i.e changes in 25%
or more as compared to the immediately previous
financial year in key financial ratios)

20222023

12.1 Environment:
•

The environmental monitoring studies are
conducted through recognized laboratories
of MoEFCC/ CPCB, covering all environmental
parameters. Based on the results of environmental
monitoring studies, it is concluded that all
environmental parameters are well within the
limits during FY 23-24. A total of 6 nos Continuous
Ambient Air Quality Monitoring Stations (CAAQMS)
have been installed at Bacheli project (2 nos),
Kirandul project (2 nos) and Donimalai Project
(2 nos) for recording of Ambient air quality
parameters such as PM10, PM2.5, SO2, NOx and
CO in real time. 2 no.s of CAAQMS were installed
at Kumaraswamy Iron Ore Mines during June’23.

93

Financial Statements

:

20232024

Statutory Reports

10.

2019-20

Details of any change in Return on Net Worth as
compared to the immediately previous financial
year along with a detailed explanation thereof
(For Standalone Basis)

Return on Net
Worth

Further, a total of 207 posts have been advertised
and filled through direct recruitment in FY’202324. All were provided on-the-job and off-the-job
training in order to prepare them for taking up
the challenges of working in NMDC’s production
projects, as well as any new venture that Company
may like to take up. The further recruitment
process is in progress for upcoming projects.
During the last five years, the number of people on
rolls as on 31st March is as follows:

Trade payable Turnover ratio: 8.78 (PY 5.67)

Corporate Overview

It is worth highlighting that industrial relations
have been cordial all along during the year.
Any difference is sorted out through bipartite
discussions at appropriate fora. The cooperation
and support of workmen represented by All India
NMDC Workers Federation (AINMDCWF) in this
regard are praiseworthy.

crore from ₹ 17,667 crore against previous
year 2022-23).

[p.98]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

•

Every year Carbon Footprint studies are being
conducted for disclosure of Greenhouse Gas
Emissions under Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP).
Water Audit is conducted at regular intervals at all
projects of NMDC and recommendations of audit
are being implemented to conserve water and to
improve the efficiency of motors / pumps, arrest
leakages, etc. Apart from this regular maintenance
of water appurtenances is being done.

•

Sustainable Mining Initiative audit is being done
at all Iron Ore Mining projects of NMDC and
recommendations are being implemented.

•

The R&R works suggested by M/s Indian Council
of Forest Research and Education (ICFRE,
Dehradun) in the Environmental Management and
Reclamation & Rehabilitation Plan for Kirandul
Complex, Chhattisgarh and in Donimalai Complex,
Karnataka are under implementation stage. The
R&R plan for Bacheli complex is under final stage
of submission and the reclamation measures
suggested by ICFRE will be implemented.

•

R&D works in the field of air, water, solid waste etc.
were undertaken by engaging institutes of repute
such as ISM Dhanbad, NIT – Raipur and VNIT –
Nagpur.

•

The environmental pollution control works are
undertaken such as de-silting of check dams /
check bunds, tailing dams, construction of buttress
walls at toe of waste dumps and geo-coir matting
for stabilization of waste rock dumps.

•

About 96 nos wells are being monitored for water
quality and water levels covering all 4-seasons in a
year at iron ore projects. Studies are revealed that
there has been an increasing trend in the ground
water level due to hydraulic loading by the existing
check dams and check bunds. Limited usage of
ground water and continuous recharge helped in
the process.

•

•

NMDC has set-up Sewage Treatment Plant (STP)
with advanced treatment technology (Sequential
Batch Reactor) at Bacheli (2 MLD) and Donimalai
(3 MLD) township for treatment of domestic waste
water. STP works are in progress at Kirandul (3
MLD) and the treated water will be reused for
green belt development.
About 3 million saplings were planted in and
around NMDC projects covering an area of 2300
Ha. NMDC is also actively contributing funds to
Government of Chhattisgarh flagship programme
“Hariyar Chhattisgarh” for undertaking block
plantation in the state of C.G by CGRVVN Limited.

12.2 Health & Safety
•

Health & Safety continue to be our priority with
employees & contractual workmen at our projects
adhering to the SOPs & safety norms. NMDC
appreciate that safety is a journey & is committed
to continually improve its performance and set
high standards.

•

NMDC has its training centers in all its projects.
They are equipped with infrastructure as required
under Mines Vocational Training Rules. These
centers cater to the needs of basic training,
refresher training and training for skilled workers
and also for those injured on duty.

•

Health & Safety continue to be our priority with
employees & contractual workmen at our Projects
adhering to the SOPs & Safety norms. NMDC
appreciate that safety is a journey & is committed
to continually improve its performance and set
high standards.

•

In each mining project of NMDC sufficient number
of Workmen Inspectors are nominated/appointed
for Mining operations, Mechanical and Electrical
installations as per statutory requirements for
carrying safety inspections.

•

Mine Level Tripartite Safety Committee Meetings
have been conducted in each of the operating
mines. This meeting is conducted once in a
year at project level with senior officials, Union
Representatives and DGMS Officials in which
Safety Performance and its appraisal are made and
the recommendations are implemented.

•

Corporate Level Tripartite Safety Committee
Meetings are being held regularly once in a year
at Head Office and the recommendations are
implemented.

•

Safety Committees have been constituted in every
operating mine and pit safety meetings are held
every month discussing the safety matters and
corrective actions related to work atmosphere.

•

In order to ensure that safety systems are up
to date & also comply with the latest safety
regulations, a cross-project internal safety audit
has been started in NMDC.

•

Safety Management system has been implemented
in all our mines. Risk Assessment studies are being
conducted regularly.

•

NMDC provides extensive safety training
programmes to inculcate safety habits & mindset
at work to its employees. Behavioral based safety
trainings are also given to the employees.

•

Severity Rate for the year 2023–24 is 11.15.
(Severity Rate = Man-days lost per 100000 Mandays worked).

94

[p.99]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

OHS Activities:

predominantly by Scheduled Tribes and Scheduled
Caste population who are poor, underprivileged,
deprived, suffer malnutrition and devoid of
support for their socio-economic needs. It is only
because of its strong focus on social responsibility
programmes aiming at enhancing the quality of
life of the local communities that NMDC has been
successfully mining in these areas.

Occupational Health Services have been provided
with adequate manpower and infrastructure and
are functioning in full-fledged manner at all the
projects, headed by Qualified Doctors trained in
OHS at Central Labour Institute, Mumbai.
Periodical Medical Examination under statute is
carried out regularly in all the projects.

12.3 Corporate Social Responsibility
•

CSR is raison d’être of NMDC and not just a part
of business strategy. NMDC’s CSR programmes
are carried out in areas which are remote,
backward and face serious law and order problems
due to left-wing extremism. The area is among
the most backward regions of India and inhabited

•

NMDC is the model PSE in the field of CSR and its
model of stakeholder consultation mechanism for
implementation of its CSR has been recommended
by Department of Public Enterprises, Government
of India for emulation by all other CPSEs.

•

The Company is investing substantially in
promoting education, development of physical
infrastructure, providing healthcare services &
clean drinking water along with imparting technical
skill sets aimed at enhancing employability &
income generation etc. among other initiatives
primarily in surrounding areas of its operations.

Corporate Overview

NMDC strives to ensure that workers are not
exposed to occupational hazards that negatively
affect their health. NMDC also has well equipped
hospitals with capable medical teams available
24/7 to support the health & wellbeing of the
workers & the surrounding community.

Detailed disclosure on CSR forms part of the
Annual Report.

Statutory Reports
Financial Statements

95

[p.100]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Annexure – II
CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION, FOREIGN
EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO UNDER COMPANIES ACT, 2013
About NMDCs’ R&D Centre:
NMDC’s Research & Development Centre consistently
delivers significant advancements in process and
technology development, specifically targeting the
ore and minerals sectors. The R&D centre focuses on
innovative solutions and technologies that enhance
the extraction, processing, and utilization of various
mineral resources. The centre possesses the expertise
and infrastructure necessary to manage a wide array of
projects including mineral beneficiation, mineralogical
studies, material handling and storage, metallurgical
investigations of iron ore and coal, and complete
chemical analyses.
Our R&D centre plays a crucial role in supporting
NMDC’s existing operations and its future initiatives.
Our expertise is also sought after by a diverse range
of organizations in both public and private sectors,
globally, involved in iron ore, coal, and other related
industries.
Equipped with state-of-the-art laboratory facilities, the
R&D centre is capable of analyzing a variety of materials
including minerals, coal, metals, and non-metals. Our
advanced equipment includes Automatic Mineral
Analyser (AMA), X-ray Diffraction (XRD), Wavelength
Dispersive X-ray Fluorescence (WD-XRF), Inductively
Coupled Plasma Atomic Emission Spectroscopy (ICPAES), Graphite Furnace Atomic Absorption Spectrometry
(GFAAS), Scanning Electron Microscopy (SEM), and
other specialized apparatus such as a pilot coke oven,
blast furnace simulation systems, and a range of
mechanical and chemical testing tools.
The centre has implemented Integrated Management
System that encompasses ISO 9001:2015 for Quality
Management, ISO 14001:2015 for Environmental
Management, OHSAS 18001:2007 for Occupational
Health and Safety, and SA 8000:2014 for Social
Accountability. Further, our Chemical Laboratory has
earned accreditation from the National Accreditation
Board for Testing and Calibration Laboratories
(NABL ISO 17025:2017). Additionally, the R&D centre
is recognized by the Department of Scientific and
Industrial Research (DSIR), highlighting our commitment
to leading-edge research and development in the mining
sector.

like iron ore.
•

Developing energy-efficient processing techniques
to upgrade low or lean grade iron ore.

•

Transforming mine waste into value-added
products, such as building materials.

B.

Technology Integration:

•

Implementing automated sampling and analysis
systems across all iron ore mining locations.

•

Replacing bentonite with organic binders at the
pellet plant in Donimalai to enhance efficiency.

•

Advancing dry processing and beneficiation
technologies to improve environmental
sustainability.

Apart from the above thrust areas, R&D centre also
undertakes collaborative projects with reputed
organizations and institutes across the globe having
expertise in the field of waste utilization, mining,
beneficiation and other allied areas.
NMDCs’ Innovation & Incubation Program (NICE) for
Promoting Start-Ups:
The NMDC Innovation & Incubation Centre (NICE),
established at IIT Hyderabad in association with
the i-TIC Foundation, is a significant contribution to
the “Startup India” mission by NMDC. Launched on
November 4, 2020, NICE is set to support budding
startups. As a part of this program, 17 startups have
been admitted for incubation support. This initiative
seeks to foster innovation and entrepreneurship in the
field of deep technology by providing startups with
financial assistance in the form of fellowships and grant,
access to a fully equipped maker’s lab, working spaces,
and an extensive network of experienced mentors and
industry experts. The program not only aims to nurture
new ideas and technologies but also to create a vibrant
ecosystem that supports sustainable startup growth.
Various research projects completed by R&D Centre:
1.0

Projects of NMDC Mines/Projects

•

Organic Binder for Iron Ore Pellet Making:
Evaluate various organic binders to improve the
quality of fired iron ore pellets, aiming to replace
traditional binders like bentonite.

•

Pilot Scale Coke Making Studies: Investigate
the impact of multi-functional catalysts on coke
produced from various coking coal to improve
physical and metallurgical properties and reduce
coke-making time.

The thrust of NMDC Limited’s R&D Centre is towards:
A.

Energy Conservation:

•

Reducing production losses linked to material
handling (flowability) challenges encountered
during the handling and storage of bulk materials

96

[p.101]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

•

Dry Scrubbing for Lump Iron Ore: Conduct
scrubbing studies in dry mode to enhance physical
properties of lump iron ore and compare with
conventional wet mode.
Commercial Chemical Additives for Iron Ore
Pressure Filter: Optimize filter performance by
reducing moisture in iron ore filter cakes using
commercial chemical additives.

•

Performance Study of Water Absorbing Polymer
(WAP): Assess the effectiveness of WAP in
improving the flowability of wet and sticky iron ore
during monsoon season at BIOM Kirandul Complex.

Process/Technology Development:
i)

Beneficiation Studies: Bench & Pilot scale
beneficiation studies as part of capacity expansion
on composite Samples prepared from Individual
litho-type ore samples of Deposit 5 and 10&11A
from Bacheli Complex.

ii)

Utilization of Non-Coking Coal in Iron Making:
Assess non-coking coal for their suitability in
ironmaking processes to reduce reliance on
imported coking coal.

3.0 Sponsored Developmental Research Projects
•

SAIL Gua Project (Phases 1 and 2): Bench scale beneficiation studies and development of process flowsheets
for 6 nos. of different litho-type ore samples from SAIL Gua Mines.

4.0 Collaborative Programmes under progress
Collaborating Institutes

Title and Nature of Work
Feasibility studies for preparation of fused magnesia from kimberlite tailings

CSIR-IMMT, Bhubaneswar

Study of conveying characteristics and behavior of iron ore in pneumatic conveying
system

University of Hyderabad

Development of technology for utilization of waste generated during iron ore mining

4.0 R&D Investment
Investment on R&D (₹ Cr.)

Turnover

Capital

Total

(₹ Cr.)

(%) of
Turnover

Profit after
tax (₹ Cr.)

(%) of PAT

2018-19

23.81

7.50

31.31

12,153

0.26

4,642

0.68

2019-20

23.79

7.00

30.79

11,699

0.26

3,610

0.87

2020-21

27.40

1.80

29.20

15,370

0.20

6,253

0.47

2021-22

27.16

3.97

31.13

25,965

0.12

9,448

0.33

2022-23

29.43

0.85

30.28

17,667

0.17

5,529

0.55

2023-24

23.36

1.13

24.49

21,294

0.12

5,632

0.43

Note: In addition to the above expenditure on innovation initiatives during the year 2023-24 was ₹ 141.07 crore
5.0 Foreign Exchange earnings and outgo
(i)

Foreign Exchange Earning

NIL

(ii)

Foreign Exchange outgo

Rs. 49.20 crore

97

Financial Statements

Revenue

Statutory Reports

CSIR-IMMT, Bhubaneswar

Year

Corporate Overview

•

2.0 In-house Developmental Research Projects

[p.102]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Annexure - III

Report on Corporate Governance
1.

A brief statement on Company’s philosophy on
code of Governance

NMDC was placed under suspension w.e.f.
19.01.2024 in terms of Order of Ministry of Steel,
Govt. of India. However, Ministry of Steel, Govt.
of India vide Order dated 28.06.2024 revoked the
order of suspension with immediate effect.

NMDC, a Navaratna Company, believes in financial
prudence, customer satisfaction, transparency,
accountability and commitment to values. The
good governance it practices is based on its stated
belief and the guidelines of the Government of
India issued from time to time should go a long
way in enhancing value for all those who are
associated with the Company: shareholders,
customers, suppliers, creditors, Government of
India, State Governments, Governmental agencies/
departments and the society at large. The Board of
Directors have approved the Policy on Corporate
Governance.
2.

* Subsequent to the end of financial year 202324, Shri Sanjay Tandon, Part-time Non-official
Independent Director tendered his resignation
w.e.f. 15th April 2024 due to personal commitments.
** Superannuated on 30.06.2024
Being a Government company and pursuant to
Article 74 of the Articles of Association of the
company, the power of appointment of Directors
on the Board of the company vests with the
controlling Ministry, viz. Ministry of Steel, Govt. of
India. The company is in constant communication
with the controlling ministry for appointment
of requisite number of Independent Directors
including Woman Independent Director on the
Board of the company. Once the requisite number
of Independent Directors are appointed on the
Board, the company will be in compliance of the
provisions of Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI
(LODR) Regulations with regard to composition of
Board.

Board of Directors
As on 31st March 2024, the Board of NMDC
comprises of four (4) Whole time / Functional
Directors including Chairman & Managing Director,
two (2) Government Nominee Directors and four
(4) Independent Directors.

a.

Composition and category of Directors:
Whole-time / Functional Directors
i)

Shri Amitava Mukherjee, Director (Finance)
and Additional Charge of Chairman and
Managing Director.

ii)

Shri Dilip Kumar Mohanty, Director
(Production)**

iii)

Shri Vishwanath Suresh, Director
(Commercial)#

iv)

Shri Vinay Kumar, Director (Technical)
(w.e.f.19.05.2023)

The Chairman-Cum-Managing Director and
Functional Directors are appointed by Government
of India for a period of five years or till the
age of superannuation or until further orders
whichever is earlier. The Directors are initially
appointed by the Board as Additional Directors
in terms of the provisions of the Companies
Act, 2013 and thereafter, the proposal for their
appointment as Director is put up for approval
of the shareholders in the Annual General
Meeting in terms of provisions of Companies Act,
2013 and SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. The
appointment may, however, be terminated by
either side on three months notice or on payment
of three months salary in lieu thereof.Government
Nominee Directors representing Ministry of Steel,
Government of India cease to be Directors from
the Board on ceasing to be official(s) of Ministry
of Steel, Government of India. Non Executive
Directors (Independent) are normally appointed for
a tenure of 3 years by Govt. of India

Government of India Nominee Directors
i)

Smt. Sukriti Likhi, Additional Secretary &
Financial Advisor, Ministry of Steel

ii)

Shri Abhijit Narendra, Joint Secretary,
Ministry of Steel

Independent Directors (Non-Executive)
i)

Shri Sanjay Tandon*

ii)

Dr. Anil Sadashivrao Kamble

iii)

Shri Vishal Babber

iv)

Shri Sanjay Kumar Singh

#

98

Shri Vishwanath Suresh, Director (Commercial),

a.

BOARD MEETINGS
Board Meeting Procedure:
The Board Meetings are convened by giving

[p.103]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

appropriate advance notice after seeking approval
of the Chairman of the Board / Committee as the
case may be. In order to address specific urgent
needs, meetings are also convened at a shorter
notice. Resolutions are also passed by way of
circulation in the eventuality of exigencies or
urgency.

Annual Operating Plans and Budgets
and any updates.

•

Capital Budget, Revenue Budget and
any updates.

•

Quar terly / Annual Results of the
Company.

Detailed agenda note are circulated in advance
to the Board Members for facilitating meaningful,
informed and focused decision at the meeting. In
case of special and exceptional circumstances,
additional / supplemental agenda item(s) are also
permitted.

•

Minutes of Meeting of Audit Committee
and other Committees of the Board.

•

Minutes of the Meeting of Board of
Directors of Subsidiary Companies.

•

Major Investments in Subsidiaries,
Joint Ventures and Strategic Alliances.

Information placed before the Board of Directors

•

Disclosure of Interest by Directors and
other statutory items.

•

Major expansion plans of the Company.

•

Any significant development in Human
Resources / Industrial Relations.

The Board of Directors has complete access to
information within the Company. The information
inter alia regularly supplied to the Board includes:

Corporate Overview

•

Attendance of each Director at the Board Meetings held during FY 2023-24 and the last AGM
Sl.
No.

Name of the Director

No. of Board
Meetings held

No. of Board
Meetings
attended

Last AGM
Attended

8

8

YES

2

Smt. Sukriti Likhi
Govt. Nominee Director
DIN: 01825997

8

7

NO

3

Shri Abhijit Narendra
Govt. Nominee Director
DIN: 07851224

8

7

NO

4

Shri Dilip Kumar Mohanty
Director (Production)
DIN: 09296720

8

8

YES

5

Shri Vishwanath Suresh
Director (Commercial)
DIN: 10059734

8

7

YES

6

Shri Vinay Kumar
Director (Technical)
(w.e.f. 19.05.2023)
DIN: 10172521

8

8

YES

7

Shri Sanjay Tandon
Independent Director
DIN: 00484699

8

8

YES

8

Dr. Anil Sadashivrao Kamble
Independent Director
DIN: 07528586

8

8

YES

9

Shri Vishal Babber
Independent Director
DIN: 09344150

8

8

YES

10

Shri Sanjay Kumar Singh
Independent Director
DIN: 09347257

8

8

YES

99

Financial Statements

Shri Amitava Mukherjee
Director (Finance) and
CMD (Addl. Charge)
DIN: 08265207

Statutory Reports

1

[p.104]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

c.

Number of other Boards or Board Committees in which he / she is a Member or Chairperson
No. of Directorship and Committee Membership / Chairmanship

Sl.

Name of the Director

Other Board
Directorship *
(Excluding
NMDC)

Committee
Membership#

Committee
Chairpersonship#

Names of Other
Listed entity
and category of
directorship

1

Shri Amitava Mukherjee
Director (Finance) and
CMD (Addl. Charge)

5

1

--

NMDC Steel Ltd.,
Director (Finance) and
CMD (Addl. Charge)

2

Smt. Sukriti Likhi
Govt. Nominee Director

5

--

--

Nominee Director
in KIOCL Ltd., Steel
Authority of India Ltd.
and NMDC Steel Ltd.

3

Shri Abhijit Narendra
Govt. Nominee Director

2

--

--

Nominee Director in
SAIL and NMDC Steel
Ltd.

4

Shri Dilip Kumar Mohanty
Director (Production)

6

1

--

NMDC Steel Ltd.,
Director (Production)

5

Shri Vishwanath Suresh
Director (Commercial)

5

--

--

NMDC Steel Ltd.,
Director (Commercial)

6

Shri Vinay Kumar
Director (Technical)
(w.e.f. 19.05.2023)

3

1

--

NMDC Steel Ltd.,
Director (Technical)

7

Shri Sanjay Tandon
Independent Director

2

2

2

--

8

Dr. Anil Sadashivrao Kamble
Independent Director

2

1

--

--

9

Shri Vishal Babber
Independent Director

--

1

--

--

10

Shri Sanjay Kumar Singh
Independent Director

--

0

--

--

Notes:
* Directorship held by Directors on all other Boards (Private & Public)
Committee membership is in line with Regulation 26 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015.
#

100

[p.105]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

d.

No. of Board Meetings held, dates on which held.
During the year 2023-24, eight (8) Board meetings were held, the details of which are given below:
Board Meeting
Sl. No.

Board Meeting
Date

Board Strength

No. of Directors Present

1

555

23.05.2023

10

9

2

556

18.07.2023

10

9

3

557

11.08.2023

10

10

4

558

26.09.2023

10

10

5

559

14.11.2023

10

10

6

560

04.12.2023

10

10

7

561

11.01.2024

10

10

8

562

14.02.2024

10

9

Brief Resume / profiles of the Directors appointed / re-appointed and expertise in specific functional areas
forms part of the Annual Report.
Directors are not inter se related to each other.

f.

No. of Equity Shares of the Company held by Directors as on 31st March, 2024 – None of the Directors of the
company are holding any shares of NMDC Ltd. except Shri Vinay Kumar, Director (Technical) who is holding 60
shares.

g.

Web link of Familiarization Programme:
In terms of the Articles of Association of the company, Ministry of Steel, Govt. of India, the controlling ministry
of the company appoints Independent Directors on the Board of the company.
As a process, when a new Independent Director is appointed, a familiarization programme is conducted by the
senior management team. Further, whenever a new member is appointed to a Board Committee, information
relevant to the functioning of the Committee and the role and responsibility of Committee members is informed.
The Board and Committee meetings of the Company are held at least on a quarterly basis and members of the
Board meet key functional / business heads separately to get themselves more familiarized with the business/
operations and challenges faced by the industry on an ongoing basis.

h.

Chart or matrix setting out skills/expertise/competence of the Board of Directors:
NMDC being a Government Company under the control of its administrative Ministry viz. Ministry of Steel, the
Board members are appointed / reappointed by the Administrative Ministry. The skills / expertise / competence
as required in the context of business and areas pertaining to the company is identified by Govt. of India and
accordingly selection of Directors on the Board is made by Govt as per its own procedures and rules.

101

Financial Statements

Accordingly, the web link of the Familiarization Programmesis: https://www.nmdc.co.in/investors/policies-anddocuments

Statutory Reports

e.

Corporate Overview

Sl.
No.

[p.106]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

S. No.

i.

j.

Name of the Director

Existing Skills / expertise / competence

1

Shri Amitava Mukherjee, Director (Finance) and CMD
(Addl. Charge)

Finance, Costing, Taxation

2

Shri Dilip Kumar Mohanty, Director (Production)

Steel

3

Smt. Sukriti Likhi, Govt. Nominee Director

IAS Officer

4

Shri Abhijit Narendra, Govt. Nominee Director

IRTS Officer

5

Shri Vishwanath Suresh, Director (Commercial)

Metallurgy, Management

6

Shri Vinay Kumar, Director (Technical) (w.e.f. 19.05.2023)

Mining, Safety & Environment, Project
Management

7

Shri Sanjay Tandon, Independent Director

Char tered Accountant

8

Dr. Anil Sadashivrao Kamble, Independent Director

Doctor, Administration of Hospital

9

Shri Vishal Babber, Independent Director

Char tered Accountant

10

Shri Sanjay Kumar Singh, Independent Director

Social Service, CSR

Confirmation that in the opinion of the board,
the independent directors fulfill the conditions
specified in these regulations and are
independent of the management:

l

Reviewing, with the management, the annual
financial statements and auditor’s report
thereon before submission to the board for
approval, with particular reference to:

The Independent Directors have given
a declaration on meeting the criteria of
independence as stipulated in the Companies Act,
2013 and the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 in the
FY 2023-24.

l

Matters required to be included in the
Director’s Responsibility Statement to be
included in the Board’s report in terms of
clause (c) of sub-section 3 of section 134 of
the Companies Act, 2013;

Detailed reasons for the resignation of an
independent director who resigns before
the expiry of his / her tenure along with a
confirmation by such director that there are
no other material reasons other than those
provided:

l

Changes, if any, in accounting policies and
practices and reasons for the same;

l

Major accounting entries involving estimates
based on the exercise of judgment by
management;

l

Significant adjustments made in the financial
statements arising out of audit findings;

l

Compliance with listing and other legal
requirements relating to financial statements;

l

Disclosure of any related party transactions;

l

Modified opinion(s) in the draft audit report.

l

Reviewing, with the management, the
quarterly financial statements before
submission to the board for approval;

l

Reviewing, with the management, the
statement of uses / application of funds
raised through an issue (public issue,
rights issue, preferential issue, etc.), the
statement of funds utilized for purposes
other than those stated in the offer
document / prospectus / notice and the
report submitted by the monitoring agency
monitoring the utilisation of proceeds of a
public or rights issue, and making appropriate
recommendations to the Board to take up
steps in this matter;

None of the Independent Directors had resigned
during the financial year 2023-24. However,
subsequent to the end of financial year 202324, Shri Sanjay Tandon, Part-time Non-official
Independent Director tendered his resignation
w.e.f. 15th April 2024 due to personal commitments.
3.

Audit Committee

(a)

Brief description of terms of reference
The role of the Audit Committee shall include the
following:l

Oversight of the Company’s financial
reporting process and the disclosure of
its financial information to ensure that the
financial statement is correct, sufficient and
credible;

l

Recommendation for appointment,
remuneration and terms of appointment of
auditors of the Company;

l

Approval of payment to statutory auditors for
any other services rendered by the statutory
auditors;

102

[p.107]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Provide an open avenue of communication
between the independent auditor, internal
auditor and the Board of Directors.

l

Approval or any subsequent modification of
transactions of the Company with related
parties;

l

l

Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and
investments;

Review all related party transactions in
the Company. For this purpose, the Audit
Committee may designate a member who
shall be responsible for reviewing related
party transactions.

l

Valuation of undertakings or assets of the
Company, wherever it is necessary;

l

l

Evaluation of internal financial controls and
risk management systems;

Review with the independent auditor the
co-ordination of audit efforts to assure
completeness of coverage, reduction of
redundant efforts, and the effective use of all
audit resources.

l

Reviewing, with the management,
performance of statutory and internal
auditors, adequacy of the internal control
systems;

l

Consider and review the following with the
independent auditor and the management:

l

The adequacy of internal controls including
computerized information system controls
and security;

l

Related findings and recommendations of
the independent auditor and internal auditor,
together with the management responses.

l

Consider and review the following with
the management, internal auditor and the
independent auditor:

l

Significant findings during the year,
including the status of previous audit
recommendations.

l

Any difficulties encountered during audit
work including any restrictions on the scope
of activities or access to required information.

l

Reviewing the utilization of loans and/ or
advances from/investment by the holding
company in the subsidiary exceeding rupees
100 crore or 10% of the asset size of the
subsidiary, whichever is lower including
existing loans / advances / investments
existing as on the date of coming into force of
this provision.

l

Carrying out any other function as is
mentioned in the terms of reference of the
Audit Committee.

l

Reviewing the adequacy of internal audit
function, if any, including the structure
of the internal audit department, staffing
and seniority of the official heading the
department, reporting structure coverage
and frequency of internal audit;

l

Discussion with internal auditors of any
significant findings and follow-up thereon;

l

Reviewing the findings of any internal
investigations by the internal auditors /
auditors / agencies into matters where there
is suspected fraud or irregularity or a failure
of internal control systems of a material
nature and reporting the matter to the board;

l

Discussion with statutory auditors before
the audit commences, about the nature
and scope of audit as well as post-audit
discussion to ascertain any area of concern;

l

To look into the reasons for substantial
defaults in the payment to the depositors,
debenture holders, shareholders (in case
of non-payment of declared dividends) and
creditors;

l

To review the functioning of the Whistle
Blower mechanism;

l

Approval of appointment of Chief Financial
Officer after assessing the qualifications,
experience and background, etc. of the
candidate;

(b)

Composition, names of Members and
Chairperson
The Audit Committee consists of the following
Directors:

l

To review the follow up action on the audit
observations of the C&AG audit.

1)

Shri Sanjay Tandon, Independent Director and
Chairman (upto 15.04.2024)

l

To review the follow up action taken on the
recommendations of Committee on Public
Undertakings of the Parliament.

2)

Shri Vishal Babber, Independent Director and
Member (Chairman w.e.f. 10.05.2024)

3)

Dr. Anil Sadashivrao Kamble, Independent
Director and Member

103

Financial Statements

l

Statutory Reports

Reviewing and monitoring the auditor’s
independence and performance, and
effectiveness of audit process;

Corporate Overview

l

[p.108]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

4)

Shri Sanjay Singh, Independent Director and Member (w.e.f. 10.05.2024)

5)

Shri Vinay Kumar, Director (Technical) and Member (w.e.f. 19.05.2023)

The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary to the Audit Committee pursuant to Regulation 18(1)(e) of the
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
Director (Finance), Representatives of Statutory Auditors, Internal Auditors, Functional Directors, besides, Head
of Finance and Executives of other Departments are invited on need basis.
(c)

Meetings and attendance during the year
During the year under report, Seven(7) meetings of the Audit Committee were held. The details of attendance
of the Members are indicated below:

(d)

Sl. No.

Meeting No.

Meeting Date

Strength of Audit Committee

No. of Members Present

1

130

23.05.2023

4

4

2

131

05.07.2023

4

4

3

132

11.08.2023

4

4

4

133

26.09.2023

4

4

5

134

14.11.2023

4

4

6

135

11.01.2024

4

4

7

136

14.02.2024

4

4

Attendance of each Director at the Audit Committee meetings during FY 2023-24
Sl. No.

Name of the Director

No. of meetings held

No. of meetings attended

1

Shri Sanjay Tandon
Independent Director & Chairman

7

7

2

Dr. Anil Sadashivrao Kamble
Independent Director

7

7

3

Shri Vishal Babber
Independent Director & Member

7

7

4

Shri Vinay Kumar
Director (Technical)
(w.e.f. 19.05.2023)

7

7

4.

Nomination, Remuneration & HR Committee

(a)

Brief description of terms of reference:
The Board of Directors at its 411th meeting held on 24.04.2009 had constituted a Remuneration Committee of
Directors in line with the DPE OM dated 26.11.2008.
Subsequently, keeping in view OM No.18(8)/2005-GM dated 14.05.2010 issued by DPE, the Board of Directors
at its 430th meeting held on 01.02.2011 re-constituted the Remuneration Committee. In compliance with
Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Board at its 474th meeting held on 30.05.2014 reconstituted the
Remuneration Committee as Nomination & Remuneration Committee. The said Committee has been renamed as
“Nomination, Remuneration & HR Committee".
The scope, powers and terms of reference of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee are as per the
directives issued by DPE, SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the
Companies Act, 2013 etc.

104

[p.109]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

(b)

Composition of the Nomination, Remuneration & HR Committee is as under:
S.No.

Name of the Director

1

Shri Vishal Babber, Independent Director and Chairman

2

Shri Sanjay Tandon, Independent Director and Member (upto 15.04.2024)

3

Dr. Anil Sadashivrao Kamble, Independent Director and Member

4

Shri Sanjay Singh, Independent Director and Member

(c)

Meetings and attendance during the year:
During the year under review, one(1) meeting of the Nomination, Remuneration & HR Committee was held on
22.05.2023.
Attendance of each Director at the Nomination, Remuneration & HR Committee meetings
Sl. No.

No. of meetings held

No. of meetings attended

1

Shri Vishal Babber
Independent Director & Chairman

1

1

2

Shri Sanjay Tandon
Independent Director & Member

1

1

3

Dr. Anil Sadashivrao Kamble
Independent Director & Member

1

1

4

Shri Sanjay Singh
Independent Director & Member

1

1

Performance Evaluation
Performance Evaluation Criteria for Independent Directors: Necessary disclosures made in Directors’ Report.

5.

Shareholders’/Investors’ Grievance/Stakeholders Committee

(a)

The company has in place a Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee headed by an Independent Director to look
into various aspects of interest of the shareholders. The role of the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee
includes the following:
Resolving the grievances of the security holders including complaints related to transfer/transmission
of shares, non-receipt of annual report, non-receipt of declared dividends, issue of new/duplicate
certificates, general meetings etc.

(2)

Review of measures taken for effective exercise of voting rights by shareholders.

(3)

Review of adherence to the service standards adopted in respect of various services being rendered by
the Registrar & Share Transfer Agent.

(4)

Review of the various measures and initiatives taken by the the company for reducing the quantum of
unclaimed dividends and ensuring timely receipt of dividend warrants/annual reports/statutory notices by
the shareholders of the company.

Composition of the Committee is as under:
S.No.

Name of the Director

1

Shri Sanjay Tandon, Independent Director and Chairman (upto 15.04.2024)

2

Shri Vishal Babber, Independent Director and Member (Chairman w.e.f. 10.05.2024)

3

Shri Amitava Mukherjee, Director (Finance) and Member

4

Shri Dilip Kumar Mohanty, Director (Production) and Member

105

Financial Statements

(b)

(1)

Statutory Reports

(d)

Name of the Director

Corporate Overview

Director (Personnel) shall be the Convenor of the Committee.

[p.110]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

(c)

Meetings and attendance during the year:
During the year under report, four (4) meetings of the Committee were held. The details of attendance of the
Members are indicated below:

(d)

S.No.

Meeting No.

Meeting Date

Strength of Committee

No. of Members present

1

57

11.05.2023

3

2

2

58

18.07.2023

3

2

3

59

14.11.2023

3

2

4

60

14.02.2024

3

2

Attendance of each Member at the Shareholders’ / Investors’ Grievance Committee meetings
Sl. No.

Composition

No. of meetings held

No. of meetings attended

1

Shri Sanjay Tandon, Independent Director

4

4

2

Director (Production)

4

4

3

Director (Finance)

4

--

(e)

Name and designation of the Compliance Officer: Shri A.S. Pardha Saradhi, Company Secretary

(f)

Number of shareholders complaints received during the financial year - 15

(g)

Number of complaints not solved to the satisfaction of the shareholders - Nil.

(h)

Number of pending complaints – Nil.
M/s KFin Technologies Ltd., Hyderabad was appointed as Registrar to the offer for sale by Government of India.
All grievances / complaints relating to offer for sale made by Government of India are exclusively dealt by M/s
KFin Technologies Ltd., Hyderabad.

6.

Share Transfer Committee

(a)

The Board has constituted the Share Transfer Committee (STC) to consider and approve all related issues of
Shares and Share transfers. The Members of the Committee are as under:
i)

Chairman and Managing Director

ii)

Director (Finance)

iii)

Director (Production)

iv)

Director (Commercial)

v)

Director (Technical)

Company Secretary acts as Secretary to the Committee.
(b)

Meetings and attendance during the year:
During the year under report, two (2) meetings of the Committee were held. The details of attendance of the
Members are indicated below:S.No.

Meeting No.

Meeting Date

Strength of STC

No. of Members present

1.

217

05.10.2023

4

4

2.

218

07.02.2024

4

2

7.

Risk Management Committee

(a)

Brief description of terms of reference
The Board at its 442nd meeting held on 19.01.2012 has approved the Risk Assessment and Risk Mitigation
Policy / Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) of the Company. The terms of reference of the Risk management
Committee is outlined in Risk Assessment and Risk Mitigation Policy / Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) of the
Company.

106

[p.111]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Corporate Overview
Statutory Reports

(b)

Composition, name of members and chairperson
The following Directors are members of the Risk Management Committee:Shri Amitava Mukherjee, Director (Finance) and CMD (Addl. Charge)

2.

Shri Vishal Babber, Independent Director

3.

Shri Dilip Kumar Mohanty, Director (Production) / Director (Personnel) (Addl. Charge)

4.

Shri Vishwanath Suresh, Director (Commercial)

5.

Shri Vinay Kumar, Director (Technical) (w.e.f. 19.05.2023)

Director (Finance) chairs the Risk Management Committee.
(c)

Meetings and attendance during the year
During the year under review, two (2) meetings of the Board level Risk Management Committee were held on
13.09.2023 and 28.02.2024.
Sl. No.

Name of the Director

No. of meetings held

No. of meetings attended

1

Shri Vishal Babber, Independent Director

2

2

2

Director (Finance)

2

0

3

Director (Technical)

2

1

4

Director (Production)

2

2

5

Director (Commercial)

2

1

6

Director (Personnel)

-

-

107

Financial Statements

1.

[p.112]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

8.

Senior Management and changes therein during FY 2023-24
Name of the Employee

Designation

Reason for changes

Shri Vinay Kumar

Chief General Manager (CGM)

Appointed as Director (Technical)

Shri Badavath Mohan Kumar

ED

Promotion

Shri Satyender Rai

ED

Promotion

Shri Shashidhar N

CGM

Promotion

Shri Ashok Kumar Mishra

CGM

Promotion

Shri G S S V Suresh

CGM

Promotion

Shri Shivendra Bahadur Singh

CGM

Promotion

Shri Matta Rajagopal

CGM

Promotion

Shri P Ramaiyan

CGM

Promotion

Shri Pradeep Saxena

CGM

Promotion

Shri Jai Prakash Singh

CGM

Retirement

Shri S Jagadeswara Rao

CGM

Retirement

Shri Subrata Chaki

CGM

Retirement

Shri Laxman Rao P

CGM

Retirement

Shri Sanjay Basu

CGM

Retirement

Shri K Mohan

CGM

Retirement

Shri K Srinivasa Murthy

CGM

Retirement

The details of Senior Management forms a part of this report.
9.

Remuneration of Directors
NMDC being a Government Company, the terms and conditions of appointment and remuneration of Functional
Directors are determined by the Government through its administrative Ministry, Ministry of Steel. Nonexecutive Part-time Official Directors do not draw any remuneration. The non-executive Independent Directors
are paid sitting fee as approved by the Board within the ceiling fixed under the Companies Act, 2013 and
as per the guidelines issued by the Government of India. The Company has not adopted any mechanism for
performance evaluation criteria for Independent Directors.
The details of remuneration paid to Functional Directors during the financial year 2023-24 are as follows:
(₹ in lakhs)
Sl.
No.

Name of the Director

Total

1

Shri Amitava Mukherjee
Director (Finance) and CMD (Addl. Charge)

67.82

67.82

2

Shri Dilip Kumar Mohanty
Director (Production)

80.31

80.31

3

Shri V Suresh
Director (Commercial)

50.17

50.17

4

Shri Vinay Kumar
Director (Technical)
(w.e.f. 19.05.2023)

65.18

65.18

263.48

263.48

Total

108

Salary & Perquisites as
per Section 17(1) & (2) of
Income Tax Act, 1961

[p.113]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Notes:The Salary of Whole Time Directors is governed by pay scales and rules of the Government. No variable
incentive is being paid to Directors except Performance Related Pay being paid to them on annual basis as
per DPE guidelines

2.

Notice period of 3 months or salary in lieu thereof is required for severance from the service.

3.

The Company has not introduced any stock option scheme.

4.

The remuneration does not include the provision made on actuarial valuation of retirement benefit
schemes and provision made for post retirement medical benefits as the same is not separately
identifiable for individual Directors.

During the year, the part-time non-official Independent Directors received sitting fees for attending the
meetings of the Board / Board level Committees as follows:
Sl. No

Name of Director

Amount (₹ in lakhs)

1

Shri Sanjay Tandon

5.74

2

Shri Vishal Babber

6.65

3

Shri Anil Sadashivrao Kamble

6.40

4

Shri Sanjay Kumar Singh

3.90

Total

22.69

During the year under review, the part-time Directors (Independent Directors) were paid sitting fees of
₹30,000/- per meeting. In respect of Board level Committee Meeting, sitting fees was ₹25,000/- per meeting.
Government Nominee Directors and Functional Directors are not paid sitting fees for attending the meeting of
the Board or any Committee meeting thereof.
Other Board level Sub-Committees of Directors
Apart from the above mentioned Committees, the Board also constituted various other Sub-Committees with
specific terms of reference as per requirement. The minutes of such Board level Sub-Committees are placed
before the Board.
9.

General Body Meetings

(a)

Location and time where last three AGMs held.

AGM No.

Venue

Date & time

Special Resolutions passed

63 AGM

Video Conferencing

30.09.21 at 1130 hrs

Nil

64thAGM

Video Conferencing

29.08.22 at 1130 hrs

Yes *

65thAGM

Video Conferencing

07.09.23 at 1130 hrs

Nil

* Appointment of Independent Directors in line with the provisions of Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (LODR)
Regulations, 2015.
(b)

Whether any special resolution passed in the previous 3 AGMs – Yes.

(c)

whether any special resolution passed last year through postal ballot – details of voting pattern – Not applicable

(d)

person who conducted the postal ballot exercise – Not applicable.

(e)

whether any special resolution is proposed to be conducted through postal ballot – Not applicable

(f)

procedure for postal ballot – Not applicable

109

Financial Statements

The details of the General Meetings held for the past three years are as under:

Statutory Reports

Notes:-

rd

Corporate Overview

1.

[p.114]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

10.

Means of communication
Quarterly Results:
The Company publishes quarterly Un-audited / Annual Audited financial results through leading National
Daily Commercial / Economic newspapers and also Local language Daily newspapers including Hindi Daily
newspaper.
These results are also posted on Company’s website: www.nmdc.co.in. The Company’s website also contains
a dedicated section on ‘Investors’ where shareholders information is available viz. Annual Reports, Financial
Details, Corporate Investor Presentation etc.
In addition, the Company communicates major achievements and important events taking place in the Company
through Press, Electronic Media and also on its Website. Presentation made to institutional investors / analysts
are uploaded on Company’s website. Conference call conscripts are also uploaded on the website of the
company.

11.

General Shareholders Information

(a)

AGM date, time and venue
The 66th AGM of the Company shall be held on Tuesday, September 24, 2024 at 1130 hrs. via Video
Conferencing(VC)/Other Audio Visual means (OAVM)in line with General Circulars issued by Ministry of
Corporate Affairs/SEBI as per details and process set out in the Notice convening the meeting.
Webcast of the AGM :
The Company will be providing a facility to view the live streaming of the AGM Webcast on the NSDL website
and the access of the same is at https://www.evoting.nsdl.com by using your remote e-voting credentials. The
link will be available in shareholder login where the EVEN of Company will be displayed.

(b)

Financial Year: 1st April – 31st March

(c)

Dividend Payment date:
(i)

Dividends as declared were paid within 30 days of declaration as per the provisions of the Companies
Act, 2013.

(ii)

Details of dividends paid during the year under review are as under:
(Rs in Crore)
Particulars

GoI Share

Others

Total Dividend

% of Share Capital

Interim Dividend

1,024.44

660.66

1,685.10

575

Final Dividend *

267.23

172.36

439.59

150

Total

1,291.67

833.02

2,124.69

725

Previous Year (Including Final Dividend)

1,175.88

758.32

1,934.20

660

* Final Dividend @ Rs.1.50 per share has been recommended by the Board, subject to the approval of the
Shareholders at the AGM.
Date of Book Closure: from 18.09.2024 to 24.09.2024 (both days inclusive)
d.

Listing on Stock Exchanges
The equity shares of NMDC are listed on the following Stock Exchanges:(i)

BSE Ltd.
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street,
MUMBAI – 400 001

(ii)

National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Exchange Plaza,
Plot No. C/1, G Block,
Bandra - Kurla Complex,
Bandra (E),
MUMBAI - 400 051

110

[p.115]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Calcutta Stock Exchange Ltd.
7, Lyons Range,
KOLKATA - 700 001

(iii)

Listing Fees for the year 2023-24 has been paid to the above Stock Exchanges.
e.

Scrip Code:
Sl.No.

Security Code / Symbol

i)

BSE Ltd., Mumbai

526371

ii)

National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., Mumbai

NMDC

iii)

The Calcutta Stock Exchange Ltd., Kolkata

24131

Market price data: High, Low during each month in the last financial year
Market High, Low & Close prices at BSE Ltd. (BSE) & National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE)
BSE

MONTH

NSE

LOW

CLOSE

HIGH

LOW

CLOSE

Apr-23

114.60

107.75

108.60

114.60

107.65

108.50

May-23

111.80

103.75

106.75

111.80

103.75

106.80

Jun-23

110.50

103.85

104.65

110.50

103.80

104.65

Jul-23

117.50

105.70

117.25

117.55

105.70

117.25

Aug-23

124.20

110.95

122.85

124.30

110.90

123.05

Sep-23

154.15

122.55

147.85

154.25

122.60

147.95

Oct-23

167.55

135.30

154.20

167.55

140.65

154.20

Nov-23

183.50

153.00

181.40

183.50

152.75

181.50

Dec-23

212.50

179.75

209.35

212.65

179.90

209.65

Jan-24

227.35

196.65

219.85

227.30

196.60

219.85

Feb-24

252.65

218.65

225.95

252.40

218.70

225.90

Mar-24

245.15

190.35

201.70

245.20

190.35

201.75

Performance in comparison to broad based indices such as BSE Sensex, CRISIL Index etc.

(i)

NMDC Share Price vis-à-vis BSE SENSEX

NMDC SHARE PRICE v. BSE SENSEX

80,000.00
70,000.00
60,000.00
50,000.00

62,622.24
61,112.44

66,527.67
64,718.56

65,828.41

64,831.41

20,000.00
10,000.00

108.60 106.75

71,752.11 73,651.35
250.00
225.95
219.85
209.35
201.70 200.00

147.85 154.20
104.65

72,500.30 300.00

66,988.44
181.40

40,000.00
30,000.00

63,874.93

72,240.26

Financial Statements

g.

117.25 122.85

150.00
100.00

-

50.00

BSE SENSEX CLOSE

Statutory Reports

HIGH

Corporate Overview

f.

Name of the Stock Exchange where Company’s equity shares are listed

NMDC Share Price Close (₹)

111

[p.116]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

(ii)

NMDC Share Price vis-à-vis NIFTY

NMDC Share Price v. NIFTY
25000.00

20000.00

19753.80

18534.40

19189.05

18065.00
15000.00

22326.90

21982.80

19079.60

117.25
108.5

209.65

219.85

201.75

154.2
123.05

104.65

Apr-23 May-23 Jun-23

300

250

225.9

147.95
106.8

0.00

21731.40

181.5

10000.00

5000.00

20133.15

19638.30
19253.80

21725.70

Jul-23 Aug-23 Sep-23 Oct-23 Nov-23 Dec-23 Jan-24 Feb-24 Mar-24
NIFTY
NSE Share Price Close (₹)

200

150

100

50

h.

In case the securities are suspended from trading, the directors report shall explain the reason thereof – NA

i.

Registrar & Share Transfer Agent
The Company has appointed Aarthi Consultants Pvt. Ltd., Hyderabad as Share Transfer Agent for looking after
the works relating to share transfer/transmission etc., and dematerialization / rematerialization of shares of the
Company with CDSL and NSDL.

j.

Share Transfer System
With effect from April 1, 2019, requests for transfer of securities shall be processed only in those cases
where the securities are held in dematerialized form with a depository, in terms of guidelines issued by SEBI.
Further, in terms of SEBI circular dated January 25, 2022, while processing investor service requests such as
transmission, transposition, renewal, exchange, sub-division, consolidation and issue of duplicate certificates
etc., the securities shall be issued in dematerialized form only. Accordingly, all shareholders of the company are
requested to convert their shareholdings from physical form to demat form at the earliest to reap the benefits
of dematerialization. Requests for dematerialization of shares are processed and confirmation is given to the
respective depositories viz, NSDL and CDSL within 15 days.
SEBI vide Circular dated November 3, 2021, has inter-alia made it mandatory for holders of physical securities
to furnish/update PAN, email address, mobile number, bank account and nomination details, besides linking
their PAN with Aadhar. The said circular also prescribes that those folios wherein any one or more of the
aforesaid details are not available on or after September 30, 2023 shall be frozen and the investor will not be
eligible to lodge grievance or avail service request from R&TA and will not be eligible for receipt of dividend.
In view of the same, members holding shares in physical mode are requested to furnish PAN, KYC details and
nomination forms immediately to the Company / R&TA in the prescribed forms available on the website of the
company www.nmdc.co.in.

112

[p.117]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

k.

Distribution of Shareholding:

(i)

Shareholding Pattern of the Company as on 31.03.2024
Sl.
No.
1.

Promoter & Promoter Group

2.

No. of fully paid up
equity shares held

Percentage of
Shareholding

1

178,16,33,571

60.79

Public

8,57,002

114,89,72,279

39.21

Total

8,57,003

293,06,05,850

100.00

Distribution of Shareholding by size as on 31.03.2024
SL
NO

CATEGORY

HOLDERS

HOLDERS
PERCENTAGE

8,49,105

AMOUNT
PERCENTAGE

SHARES

AMOUNT

99.08

18,00,08,819

18,00,08,819

6.14

1 - 5000

2

5001 - 10000

4,242

0.49

3,13,56,538

3,13,56,538

1.07

3

10001 - 20000

1,801

0.21

2,57,52,661

2,57,52,661

0.88

4

20001 - 30000

530

0.06

1,31,01,910

1,31,01,910

0.45

5

30001 - 40000

245

0.03

86,65,461

86,65,461

0.3

6

40001 - 50000

172

0.02

78,87,519

78,87,519

0.27

7

50001 - 100000

332

0.04

2,38,75,958

2,38,75,958

0.81

8

100001 & Above

576

0.07 2,63,99,56,984

2,63,99,56,984

90.08

100 2,93,06,05,850 2,93,06,05,850

100.00

Total:

8,57,003

(iii) Top ten shareholders of the Company as on 31.03.2024
Sl
No

ShareHolder

Shares

Percent

Group

Category

PRESIDENT OF INDIA

1,78,16,33,571

60.79

Pro

Central Government /
State Government(s)

2

LIFE INSURANCE CORPORATION OF INDIA

19,55,80,072

6.67

Pub

Insurance Companies

3

PARAG PARIKH FLEXI CAP FUND

4,72,46,858

1.61

Pub

Mutual Funds

4

VANGUARD TOTAL INTERNATIONAL STOCK
INDEX FUND

1,57,23,818

0.54

Pub

Foreign Portfolio
Investors Category

5

VANGUARD EMERGING MARKETS STOCK
INDEX FUND, A SERIES OF VANGUARD
INTERNATIONAL EQUITY INDEX FUNDS

1,53,88,891

0.53

Pub

Foreign Portfolio
Investors Category

6

GOVERNMENT OF SINGAPORE

1,30,20,332

0.44

Pub

Foreign Portfolio
Investors Category

7

QUANT MUTUAL FUND - QUANT MID CAP
FUND

1,28,86,500

0.44

Pub

Mutual Funds

8

MIRAE ASSET LARGE & MIDCAP FUND

1,18,84,969

0.41

Pub

Mutual Funds

9

MIRAE ASSET MIDCAP FUND

92,52,749

0.32

Pub

Mutual Funds

10

ISHARES CORE MSCI EMERGING MARKETS
ETF

80,86,990

0.28

Pub

Foreign Portfolio
Investors Category

2,11,07,04,750

72.02

TOTAL :

113

Financial Statements

1

Statutory Reports

1

Corporate Overview

(ii)

Nos. Of
shareholders

Category of shareholder

[p.118]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

(iv) Geographical Distribution of Shareholders as on 31.03.2024
Sl No

(v)

City

No. of Share Holders

% to Total

No.of Shares

% to Total

1

AHMEDABAD

21,192

2.41

1,60,11,848

0.55

2

BANGALORE

36,148

4.12

1,64,41,050

0.56

3

BHUBANESWAR

8

0.00

667

0.00

4

CHANDIGARH

3,155

0.36

9,40,955

0.03

5

CHENNAI

25,448

2.90

1,30,12,201

0.44

6

GUWAHATI

1

0.00

2,000

0.00

7

HYDERABAD

26,158

2.98

1,11,17,995

0.38

8

JAIPUR

9

0.00

28,055

0.00

9

KANPUR

5,092

0.58

12,04,354

0.04

10

KOLKATA

28,067

3.20

2,13,21,240

0.73

11

MUMBAI

95,425

10.87

87,74,05,183

29.94

12

NAGPUR

6,481

0.74

17,68,489

0.06

13

NEW DELHI

48,813

5.56

1,82,22,20,429

62.18

14

PATNA

4,521

0.51

24,68,368

0.08

15

TRIVANDRUM

1,563

0.18

5,03,513

0.02

16

OTHERS

5,75,890

65.59

14,61,59,503

4.99

TOTAL

8,77,971

100.00 2,93,06,05,850

100.00

Shareholding Profile as on 31.03.2024

SHAREHOLDING PROFILE AS ON 31.03.2024
10.10%

2.66%

7.59%

President of India
Mutual Funds

12.60%

60.79%

FIIs / FPIs
Insurance Companies
Resident Individuals
Others

6.26%

114

[p.119]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

l.

Dematerialization of shares

e.

The shares of the Company are dematerialized
with National Securities Depository Limited and
Central Depository Services (India) Ltd. The
addresses of the Depositories are as under:
National Securities Depository Limited
Trade World, 4th Floor
Kamala Mills Compound
Senapati Bapat Marg
Lower Parel, Mumbai - 400 013

(ii)

Central Depository Services (India) Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
28th Floor, Dalal Street
Mumbai - 400 023

NMDC Limited
Regd. Office: 10-3-311/A
Khanij Bhavan,
Castle Hills, Masab Tank
Hyderabad - 500 028
E-mail: ims@nmdc.co.in
q.

No. of Shares held in dematerialized and physical
mode as on 31st March, 2024 are as under:
Type

Holders

Shares

1

CDSL

6,11,923

16,52,50,577

5.64

2

NSDL

2,65,983

2,76,52,74,996

94.36

During the financial year, the company had fund
based and non-fund based facility / limits from
various Banks and Credit Rating for the said
facilities are as below:-

3

PHYSICAL

65

80,277

0.00

Fund and Non Fund Based Limits:

8,77,971 2,93,06,05,850

100.00

Percentage

Outstanding GDRs/ADRs/Warrants or warrants
or any Convertible instruments, conversion date
and likely impact on equity : NIL
Commodity price risk or foreign exchange risk
and hedging activities.
Presently, NMDC does not have any exposure of
Export of iron ore, so there is no need to hedge
against foreign exchange risk.

o.

Bailadila Iron Ore Mine
Kirandul Complex
P.O. Kirandul
Distt: Dantewada (Chhattisgarh)

b.

Bailadila Iron Ore Mine
Bacheli Complex
P.O. Bacheli
Dist: Dantewada (Chattisgarh)

c.

d.

b)

Non-Fund Based Limit – CRISIL A1+
(Reaffirmed) for INR 2,850 crore

(a)

Disclosures on materially significant related party
transactions that may have potential conflict with
the interests of listed entity at large – Disclosure
on related party transactions forms part of the
Notes to the Financial Statement (Standalone and
Consolidated) of the company for the financial
year 2023-24.

(b)

Details of non-compliance by the listed entity,
penalties, strictures imposed on the listed entity
by stock exchange(s) or the board or any statutory
authority, on any matter related to capital markets,
during the last three years;
Penalties/Punishment/Compounding of offences:

(a)

Donimalai Iron Ore Mine

Fines levied by the Stock Exchanges as per SEBI
circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/12
dated 22nd January 2020 (Erstwhile SEBI circular
no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2018/77 dated May
03, 2018):

(b)

Kumaraswamy Iron Ore Mine

1)

(c)

Pellet Plant
Dist: Bellary - 583 118, Karnataka

Notices received in the financial year 20192020:

a.

The Company is in receipt of BSE letter and
NSE notice dated 2nd May 2019 for noncompliance with the provisions of Regulation
17(1) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 for
the quarter ended 31-03-2019. In terms of

Donimalai Complex:-

Diamond Mining Project
Majhgawan
Panna - 488 001 (MP)

115

Financial Statements

a.

Fund Based Limit – CRISIL AAA/Stable
(Reaffirmed) for INR 6,150 crore

12. Other Disclosures:

Plant / Mine Locations:
The mines / units of the Company are located in
the following locations:

a)

Statutory Reports

n.

List of all credit ratings obtained by the entity
along with any revisions thereto during the
relevant financial year, for all debt instruments
of such entity or any fixed deposit programme
or any scheme or proposal of the listed entity
involving mobilization of funds, whether in India
or abroad:

Sl.
No

Total:

m.

Address for Correspondence:

Corporate Overview

(i)

p.

Sponge Iron Unit, NMDC Limited
SIIL Campus,
Paloncha - 507 154
Dist. Khammam(A.P.)

[p.120]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

the said letters a fine of Rs. 1,06,200/- each
has been imposed by BSE and NSE towards
non-compliance with Regulation 17(1) of SEBI
(LODR) Regulations, 2015.
b.

c.

d.

The Company is in receipt of BSE letter and
NSE notice dated 19th August 2019 for noncompliance with the provisions of Regulation
17(1) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 for the
quarter ended 30-06-2019 levying a fine of
Rs. 5,36,900/- (inclusive of GST) payable to
each exchange.
The Company is in receipt of BSE letter and
NSE notice dated 31st October 2019 and
1st November 2019 respectively for noncompliance with the provisions of Regulation
17(1) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 for the
quarter ended 30-09-2019 levying a fine of
Rs. 5,42,800/- (inclusive of GST) payable to
each exchange.
The Company is in receipt of BSE letter and
NSE notice dated 3rd February 2020 for noncompliance with the provisions of Regulation
17(1) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 for the
quarter ended 31-12-2019 levying a fine of
Rs. 2,12,400/- (inclusive of GST) payable to
each exchange.

2)

Notices received in the financial year 20202021:

a.

The Company is in receipt of BSE email and
NSE notice 8th September 2020 for noncompliance with the provisions of Regulation
17(1) and Regulation 19(1) /19(2) of SEBI
(LODR) Regulations, 2015 for the quarter
ended 31st March 2020, imposing a fine of
Rs.3,63,440/- including GST payable to each
exchange.

b.

c.

d.

116

The Company is in receipt of BSE email and
NSE notice dated 20th August 2020 for noncompliance with the provisions of Regulation
17(1) and Regulation 19(1) /19(2) of SEBI
(LODR) Regulations, 2015 for the quarter
ended 30th June 2020, imposing a fine of
Rs. 7,51,660 including GST payable to each
exchange.
The Company is in receipt of BSE email
and NSE notice dated 17th November 2020,
for non-compliance with the provisions of
Regulation 17(1) and Regulation 19(1) /19(2) of
SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 for the quarter
ended 30th September 2020, imposing a fine
of Rs. 7,59,920 including GST payable to each
exchange.
The Company is in receipt of BSE email and
NSE notice dated 15th February 2021 for noncompliance with the provisions of Regulation
17(1) and Regulation 19(1) /19(2) of SEBI

(LODR) Regulations, 2015 for the quarter
ended 31st December 2020, imposing a fine
of Rs. 7,59,920/- including GST payable to
each exchange.
3)

Notices received in the financial year 20212022:

a.

The Company is in receipt of BSE email
and NSE email notice dated 17th May 2021
for non-compliance with the provisions of
Regulations 17(1), 17(2A), 18(1), 19(1)/19(2),
20(2)/(2A) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations,
2015 for the quarter ended 31st March 2021,
imposing a fine of Rs. 9,62,880/- including
GST payable to each exchange.

b.

The Company is in receipt of BSE email and
NSE email notice dated 20th August 2021
for non-compliance with the provisions of
Regulations 17(1), 17(2A), 18(1), 19(1)/19(2),
20(2)/(2A) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations,
2015 for the quarter ended 30th June 2021,
imposing a fine of Rs. 12,04,780/- including
GST payable to each exchange.

c.

The Company is in receipt of BSE email
and NSE notice dated 22nd November 2021
for non-compliance with the provisions of
Regulations 17(1), 17(2A), 18(1), 19(1)/19(2),
20(2)/(2A) and 21(2) of SEBI (LODR)
Regulations, 2015 for the quarter ended
30th September 2021, imposing a fine of Rs.
13,75,880/- including GST payable to each
exchange.

d.

The Company is in receipt of BSE email and
NSE notice dated 21st February 2022 for noncompliance with the provisions of Regulations
17(1), 18(1), 19(1)/19(2), 20(2)/(2A) and 21(2)
of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 for the
quarter ended 31st December 2021, imposing
a fine of Rs. 9,79,400/- including GST
payable to each exchange.

4)

Notices received in the financial year 20222023:

a.

The Company is in receipt of BSE email
and NSE notice dated 20.05.2022 for non
compliance with the provisions of Regulation
17(1) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations 2015 for the
quarter ended 31st March 2022, imposing a
fine of Rs.5,31,000/- including GST payable to
each Exchange.

b.

The Company is in receipt of BSE email
and NSE notice dated 22.08.2022 for non
compliance with the provisions of Regulation
17(1) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations 2015 for
the quarter ended 30th June, 2022, imposing
a fine of Rs. 5,36,900/- each including GST
payable to each Exchange.

[p.121]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

The Company is in receipt of BSE email
and NSE notice dated 21.11.2022 for non
compliance with the provisions of Regulation
17(1) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations 2015 for
the quarter ended 30th September, 2022,
imposing a fine of Rs. 5,42,800/- each
including GST payable to each Exchange.

d.

The Company is in receipt of BSE email
and NSE notice dated 21.02.2023 for non
compliance with the provisions of Regulation
17(1) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations 2015 for the
quarter ended 31st December 2022, imposing
a fine of Rs. 5,42,800/- each including GST
payable to each Exchange.

5)

Notices received in the financial year 20232024:

a.

The Company is in receipt of BSE email
and NSE notice dated 22.05.2023 for non
compliance with the provisions of Regulation
17(1) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations 2015 for the
quarter ended 31st March 2023, imposing a
fine of Rs.5,31,000/- including GST payable to
each Exchange.

c.

Waiver of fine levied pursuant to SEBI circular
SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2018/77 dated 3rd
May 2018 for non-compliance with SEBI Listing
Regulations:

The Company is in receipt of BSE email
and NSE notice dated 21.08.2023 for non
compliance with the provisions of Regulation
17(1) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations 2015 for the
quarter ended 30th June 2023, imposing a
fine of Rs.5,36,900/- including GST payable
to each Exchange.

d.

The Company is in receipt of BSE email
and NSE notice dated 22.02.2024 for non
compliance with the provisions of Regulation
17(1) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations 2015 for the
quarter ended 31st December 2023, imposing
a fine of Rs.5,42,800/- including GST payable
to each Exchange.

6)

Notices received in the financial year 20242025:

a.

The Company is in receipt of BSE email
and NSE notice dated 22.05.2024 for non
compliance with the provisions of Regulation
17(1) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations 2015 for the
quarter ended 31st March 2024, imposing a
fine of Rs.5,36,900/- including GST payable
to each Exchange.
The Company has replied to BSE and NSE
requesting condonation of fine on the

(c)

NSE waived off fines for non-compliance
with Regulation 17 of SEBI Listing Regulations
for the quarters ended 31st March 2019, 30th
June 2019, 30th September 2019 and 31st
December 2019.

ii)

BSE waived off fines for non-compliance
with Regulation 17 and 19 of SEBI Listing
Regulations for the quarters ended 31st March
2019, 30th June 2019, 30th September 2019,
31st December 2019, 31st March 2020, 30th
June 2020, 30th September 2020 and 31st
December 2020.

Details of establishment of vigil mechanism /
whistle blower policy, and affirmation that no
personnel has been denied access to the Audit
Committee;
NMDC being a PSU, the guidelines of Central
Vigilance Commission (CVC) are applicable
which provides adequate safeguard against
victimization of the employees. The Board of
Directors at its 451st meeting held on 20.09.2012
approved the Whistle Blower Policy of NMDC.
The company has effectively implemented
its Whistle Blower Policy under CVO, NMDC,
who is the designated Nodal Officer for the
purpose. No personnel has been denied access
the Audit Committee in respect of Whistle Blower
Mechanism.

(d)

Details of compliance with mandatory
requirements and adoption of the non-mandatory
requirements – All the mandatory provisions of
SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 have been duly
complied with except the provisions relating to
the composition of the Board. Being a Government
Company the President of India acting through the
controlling ministry is empowered to appoint all

117

Financial Statements

The Company is in receipt of BSE email
and NSE notice dated 21.11.2023 for non
compliance with the provisions of Regulation
17(1) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations 2015 for
the quarter ended 30th September 2023,
imposing a fine of Rs.5,42,800/- including
GST payable to each Exchange.

i)

Statutory Reports

b.

grounds that being a Central Public Sector
Enterprise under administrative control
of Ministry of Steel, Govt. of India and as
per Articles of Association, the President
of India acting through the controlling
ministry is empowered to appoint all
members on the Board of Directors. The
letters/ emails received from BSE and NSE
were placed before the Board of Directors
of the Company in its meetings for their
comments / advise. Comments / Advise
made by the Board, if any, are informed to
the exchanges. The Company is regularly
following up with Ministry of Steel, Govt. of
India for appointment of requisite number of
Independent Directors on the Board of the
Company.

Corporate Overview

c.

[p.122]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

members on the Board of Directors. The Company
is regularly following up with Ministry of Steel,
Govt. of India for appointment of requisite number
of Independent Directors on the Board of the
Company.
(e)

(k)

Total fees for all services paid by the listed entity
and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, to
the statutory auditor and all entities in the network
firm/network entity of which the statutory auditor
is a part – ₹ 1.63 crore.

(l)

Disclosures in relation to the Sexual Harassment of
Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and
Redressal) Act, 2013:

Web link where policy for determining ‘material’
subsidiaries is disclosed;
https://www.nmdc.co.in/investors/policies-anddocuments

(f)

approval of the relevant committee is required
for undertaking any transaction under these
Regulations – Not Applicable

Web link where policy on dealing with related party
transactions;
https://www.nmdc.co.in/investors/policies-anddocuments

(g)

Disclosure of commodity price risks and
commodity hedging activities – Necessary
disclosure has been made.

(h)

Details of utilization of funds raised through
preferential allotment or qualified institutions
placement as specified under Regulation 32 (7A) –
N.A.

(i)

A certificate from a company secretary in
practice that none of the directors on the
Board of the company have been debarred or
disqualified from being appointed or continuing as
directors of companies by the Board/Ministry of
Corporate Affairs or any such statutory authority
– CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION
OF DIRECTORS - Pursuant to Regulation 34(3)
and Schedule V Para C clause (10)(i) of the SEBI
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015 is enclosed at Annexure-III(A)

(j)

Where the board had not accepted any
recommendation of any committee of the board
which is mandatorily required, in the relevant
financial year, the same to be disclosed along with
reasons thereof:
Provided that the clause shall only apply
where recommendation of / submission by the
committee is required for the approval of the
Board of Directors and shall not apply where prior

118

a.

number of complaints filed during the
financial year – Nil

b.

number of complaints disposed of during the
financial year – Nil

c.

number of complaints pending as on end of
the financial year – Nil

(m) Details of Presidential Directives issued by Central
Government and their compliances during the year
and also in the last 3 years:
The Company is following the Presidential
Directives and guidelines issued by the
Government of India from time to time regarding
reservation for SCs, STs and OBCs, implementation
of wage revision etc. It has complied with all
Presidential Directives applicable to it during the
year and also during the last three years.
(n)

Items of expenditure debited in books of accounts,
which are not for the purposes of the business.
Nil.

(o)

Expenses incurred which are personal in nature
and incurred for the Board of Directors and Top
Management.
Nil

(p)

Details of Administrative and Office expenses as a
percentage of total expenses was 3.02%.

(q)

Disclosure of Loans and advances in the nature
of loans to firms/companies in which directors are
interested by name and amount:

[p.123]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Sl.
No.

Name of the Entity

Nature of Relationship

Amount as on
31.03.2024
(in Rs. crore)

J&K Mineral Development Corporation Ltd.

Subsidiary Company

25.82

2

Karnataka Vijaynagar Steel Ltd.

Subsidiary Company

242.69

3

NMDC-CMDC Ltd.

Joint Venture Company

55.61

4

Kopano-NMDC Minerals (Pty) Ltd.

Joint Venture Company

0.10

5

Jharkhand National Mineral Development
Corporation Ltd.

Joint Venture Company

0.10

6

NMDC Steel Ltd.

Entities under common control

(r)

Details of material subsidiaries of the listed entity;
including the date and place of incorporation and
the name and date of appointment of the statutory
auditors of such subsidiaries - There are no
material subsidiaries of the Company.

13.

Non-compliance of any requirement of corporate
governance report with reasons thereof shall be
disclosed.

In the absence of requisite number of Independent
Directors on the Board of NMDC, the company is
non-compliant with the following:(i)

Non-compliance with composition of the
Board with regard to requisite number of
Independent Directors;

(ii)

Non-Compliance with appointment of women
Independent Director.

14.

Discretionary requirements as specified in Part E
of Schedule II have been adopted.
In respect of discretionary requirements as
prescribed in Part-E of Schedule-II to SEBI
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015 the extent of compliance are as
under:

A.

The Board:
The Chairman and Managing Director of the
Company is the Chairman of the Board. Therefore,
there is no need for maintenance of a separate
Chairman’s office.

B.

Shareholder Rights:
The Quarterly Financial Results of the Company
are published widely in leading newspapers. The
said results are also hosted on the website of the
Company.

C.

Reporting of Internal Auditor:
The company has necessary mechanism /
framework for submission of Internal Audit Reports
directly to Audit Committee for review.

D.

Training of Board Members:
The Directors of the Company are nominated for
suitable training / programmes / seminars / mines
visit from time to time. The Board of Directors has
also approved a policy on training.

119

Financial Statements

Consequent upon resignation of Shri Sanjay
Tandon, Independent Director on 15.04.2024, there
is a vacancy of five (5) Independent Directors;
including one woman Independent Director and
two (2) Functional Directors i.e., CMD and Director
(Personnel), which needs to be filled in by Ministry
of Steel, Govt. of India. Further, Shri Vishwanath
Suresh, Director (Commercial) is under suspension
w.e.f. 19.01.2024 in terms of order of Ministry of
Steel, Government of India. However, Ministry of
Steel, Govt. of India vide Order dated 28.06.2024
revoked the order of suspension with immediate
effect.

The Company is regularly following up with
Ministry of Steel, Govt. of India for appointment of
requisite number of Independent Directors on the
Board of the Company. The Board of the company
has also been informed in this regard at regular
intervals.

Statutory Reports

NMDC being a Central Public Sector Enterprise
under administrative control of Ministry of Steel,
Govt. of India and as per Articles of Association,
the President of India shall appoint all members
on the Board of Directors. As on 31.03.2024, the
composition of the Board of NMDC Ltd. consists of
four (4) Functional Directors, two (2) Government
Nominee Directors and four (4) Independent
Directors.

2588.72

Corporate Overview

1

[p.124]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

15.

The disclosures of the compliance with corporate
governance requirements specified in regulation
17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of sub-regulation
(2) of regulation 46 shall be made in the section
on corporate governance of the annual report
Necessary disclosure has been made in the
section on Corporate Governance.

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, certificate from Company
Secretary in whole-time practice regarding
compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance
is annexed at Annexure III (C).
18.

As required in terms of Regulation 17(8) of the SEBI
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, Compliance Certificate duly
signed by CMD, NMDC (being the CEO of the
company and Director (Finance) [being CFO of the
company] has been taken on record by the Board.

16. Declaration signed by the Chief Executive Officer
stating that the members of Board of Directors
and Senior Management personnel have affirmed
compliance with the code of conduct of Board of
Directors and senior management
A copy of the Code of Conduct of Board of
Directors and Senior Management is posted on the
website of the Company. Declaration as required
under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 is annexed at
Annexure-III (B).
17.

Compliance certificate from either the auditors
or practicing company secretaries regarding
compliance of conditions of corporate
governance shall be annexed with the
Board’Report.
In Compliance with Part-E of Schedule-V of SEBI

120

Compliance Certificate of CEO and CFO

19.

Disclosures with respect to demat suspense
account/ unclaimed suspense account
Pursuant to an offer for sale, Government of
India has disinvested 8.38% of its holding in the
Company aggregating 33,22,43,200 equity shares
of ₹ 1/- each in the financial year 2009-10. During
this period, two demat accounts were opened with
NSDL & CDSL for crediting unclaimed / suspense
equity shares. As per Schedule-V Part F of SEBI
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, disclosures with respect to
unclaimed suspense account are as follows:-

[p.125]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Sl.
No.

NSDL
Particulars

Shareholders

CSDL
Equity
Shares

Shareholders

Equity
Shares

403

46,400

174

24,460

2

Requests received during the year 2010-11

361

41,760

174

24,460

3

Requests resolved during the year

361

41,760

174

24,460

4

Pending as on 31.03.2011

42

4,640

Nil

Nil

5

Requests received during the year 2011-12

8

1,100

Nil

Nil

6

Pending as on 31.03.2012

34

3,540

Nil

Nil

7

Requests received during the year 2012-13

7

1,060

Nil

Nil

8

Pending as on 31.03.2013

27

2,480

Nil

Nil

9

Requests received during the year 2013-14

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

10

Pending as on 31.03.2014

27

2480

Nil

Nil

11

Requests received during the year 2014-15

1

320

Nil

Nil

12

Pending as on 31.03.2015

26

2160

Nil

Nil

13

Requests resolved during the year 2015-16

0

0

Nil

Nil

14

Pending as on 31.03.2016

26

2160

Nil

Nil

15

Requests resolved during the year 2016-17

3

320

Nil

Nil

16

Pending as on 31.03.2017

23

1840

Nil

Nil

17

Requests resolved during the year 2017-18

0

0

Nil

Nil

16

Pending as on 27.03.2018 *

23

1840

Nil

Nil

* The pending shares of 1840 were transferred to IEPF account on 27.03.2018.

Statutory Reports

Opening balance as on 01.04.2010

Corporate Overview

1

The voting rights on these equity shares mentioned in the closing balance shall remain frozen till the rightful
owner of such shares claims the shares.
20 (a) Transfer of Dividend and corresponding Ordinary Shares to the Investor Education and Protection Fund

Amount transferred
to IEPF (Rs.)

No. of equity shares
transferred to IEPF

Unclaimed 1st Interim Dividend for the year 2015-16

52,60,185.00

4089

Unclaimed 2nd Interim Dividend for the year 2015-16

14,79,112.00

3776

Particulars

Shareholders may claim their unclaimed dividend for the years prior to and including the financial year 2016-17
Interim and the corresponding shares, from the IEPF Authority by applying in the prescribed Form No. IEPF-5.
This Form can be downloaded from the website of the IEPF Authority www.iepf.gov.in, the access link of which
is also available on the Company’s corporate website nmdc.co.in under the section ‘Investor Relations’.
The unclaimed dividend for the undernoted years and the corresponding shares will be transferred by the
Company to IEPF in accordance with the schedule given below. Communication has been sent to the concerned
Shareholders advising them to write to the Investor Service Centre of the Company (ISC) to claim their
dividend. Notices in this regard have also been published in newspapers. Details of such unclaimed dividend
and corresponding shares are available on the Company’s corporate website under the section ‘Investor
Relations’. Attention in particular is drawn that the unclaimed dividend for the financial year 2016-17 Final and
the corresponding shares will be due for transfer to IEPF on 29-10-2024.

121

Financial Statements

During the financial year 2023-24, unpaid / unclaimed dividend amounts as per details given below were
transferred to Investor Education and Protection Fund in terms of Section 124 of the Companies Act, 2013 read
with the Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules,
2016:

[p.126]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

(b)

Financial
Year

Dividend
Identification No.

Date of
declaration of
Dividend

Total Dividend
(Rs.)

2016-17

2016-17 Final

22.09.2017

2017-18

2017-18 Interim

2018-19

Rs.

%

Due date
for transfer
to IEPF

3163890474.00

693967.00

0.021934

29.10.2024

26.03.2018

13604741375.00

2814968.00

0.088972

02.05.2025

2018-19 Interim

12.03.2019

16901412082.00

3375104.00

0.110231

18.04.2026

2019-20

2019-20 Interim

06.02.2020

16197198449.00

3316710.00

0.108324

15.03.2027

2020-21

2020-21 Interim

11.03.2021

22741509724.00

3910991.00

0.133453

16.04.2028

2021-22

2021-22 1 Interim

03.12.2021

26404769975.00

5314299.00

0.181338

10.01.2029

2021-22

2021-22 2 Interim

08-02-2022

16792499274.00 3344648.00

0.114128

14.03.2029

2022-23

2022-23 Interim

14-02-2023

10989904198.00

2511196.00

0.085689

21.03.2030

2022-23

2022-23 Final

07-09-2023

8352314810.00

2123443.00

0.072457

14-10-2030

2023-24

2023-24 Interim

14-02-2024

16272503195.00

9679946.00

0.330305

21-03-2031

st

nd

Investors having any complaints relating to
Company “other than Offer for Sale made by the
Government of India” may register the complaint
with M/s Aarthi Consultants Pvt. Ltd. at the
following address:
M/s Aarthi Consultants Pvt Ltd.,
D.No. 1-2-285, Domalguda
Hyderabad - 500 029.
Phone Nos. 040-27638111/27634445,
Fax No. 040-27632184
Email : ims@nmdc.co.in,
info@aarthiconsultants.com
Web site : www.aarthiconsultants.com
Contact Person: Mr. G. Bhaskara Murthy, General
Manager

(c)

Investors having any grievance relating to “Offer
for Sale made by the Government of India in
March 2010” may register the complaint with M/s
Karvy Fintech Pvt. Ltd. at the following address:
K Fin Technologies Limited
Selenium Tower B,
Plot No.31-32, Gachibowli,
Financial District, Nanakramguda,
Hyderabad – 500 032
Tel: 040-23420815
Fax: 040-23431551
Email: nmdc.ipo@karvy.com
Contact Person: Mr. M. Murali Krishna, General
Manager

(d)

Unclaimed Dividend as
on 31.03.2024

Investor Relation Cell:
The Investor Relation Cell is also looked after by

122

the Board & Company Affairs Department. The
Company organizes Investors / Analysts / Brokers
meet / Conference Call as per requirement.
Corporate Presentation, details of provisional
production & sales, prices of iron ore and other
material information are informed to Stock
Exchanges and are uploaded on the Company’s
website.
(e)

Nodal Officer for coordinating with IEPF
Authority – Company Secretary, NMDC

21.

NMDC’s Code for Prevention of Insider Trading
In pursuance of SEBI (Prohibition of Insider
Trading) Regulations, 2015 and its amendments,
the Board of NMDC has approved the Internal
Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading
in dealing with Securities of NMDC Limited. The
Code is framed with an aim that the employees
of the Company and his/her Dependents shall not
derive any benefit or assist others to derive any
benefit from the access to and possession of Price
Sensitive Information about the Company which is
not in the public domain.

22. Meeting of Non-official (Independent) Directors
In compliance with DPE vide Office Memorandum
No. F. No. 16(4)/2012-GM dated 28th Dec 2012
and Companies Act, 2013 a separate meeting of
Non-official (Independent) Directors was held on
05.07.2023.
23. Disclosure of agreements binding listed entities –
Nil

[p.127]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Annexure - III(A)

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

123

[p.128]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

124

[p.129]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Annexure - III(B)

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

125

[p.130]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Annexure - III(C)

126

[p.131]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Annexure - IV

Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report FY 2023-24
Foreword
BRSR Overview
Section A: General Disclosures
Section C: Principle-wise Performance Disclosure
Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with integrity and in a manner that is ethical,
transparent, and accountable

Principle 2

Businesses should provide goods and services in a manner that is sustainable and safe

Principle 3

Businesses should respect and promote the well-being of ALL employees, including those in their
value chains

Principle 4

Businesses should respect the interests of and be responsive to ALL their stakeholders

Principle 5

Businesses should respect and promote human rights

Principle 6

Businesses should respect and make efforts to protect and restore the environment

Principle 7

Businesses, when engaging in influencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in a manner
that is responsible and transparent

Principle 8

Businesses should promote inclusive growth and equitable development

Principle 9

Businesses should engage with and provide value to their consumers in a responsible manner

SECTION A: GENERAL DISCLOSURES
Details of listed entity

1.

Corporate Identity Number (CIN) of the listed entity

L13100TG1958GOI001674

2.

Name of the listed entity

NMDC Limited (NMDC)

3.

Year of Incorporation

1958

4.

Registered office address

Khanij Bhavan, 10-3-311/A, Castle Hills, Masab
Tank, Hyderabad - 500 028

5.

Corporate address

Khanij Bhavan, 10-3-311/A, Castle Hills, Masab
Tank, Hyderabad - 500 028

6.

E-mail

ims@nmdc.co.in

7.

Telephone

040-2353 8757

8.

Website

www.nmdc.co.in

9.

Financial year for which reporting is being done

April 1, 2023 - March 31, 2024

10.

Name of the Stock Exchange(s) where shares are listed

BSE Limited (BSE),
National Stock Exchanges of India Limited (NSE),
Calcutta Stock Exchanges Ltd.

11.

Paid-up Capital

Rs. 293.06 Crores

12.

Name and contact details (telephone, email address)
of the person who may be contacted in case of any
queries in the BRSR report

Shri A.S Pardha Saradhi
Executive Director & Company Secretary
Tel: 040-23538757
Email ID: cs_pardha@nmdc.co.in

13.

Reporting boundary

Standalone Basis

14.

Name of assurance provider

Bureau Veritas (India) Pvt. Ltd.

15.

Type of assurance obtained

Reasonable

127

Financial Statements

I.

Statutory Reports

Principle 1

Corporate Overview

Section B: Management and Process Disclosures

[p.132]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

II.

Products/services

16.

Details of business activities (accounting for 90% of the turnover):

Sl.
No.

Description of
Main Activity

1

Mining

17.

% Of Turnover
of the entity

Description of Business Activity
Extraction of Iron Ore. NMDC is producing over 45 MTPA of iron
ore from its major iron-producing units i.e., from Bailadila Sector in
Chhattisgarh and Donimalai in Bellary-Hospet region in Karnataka.

99%

Products/Services sold by the entity (accounting for 90% of the entity’s Turnover):

Sl.
No.

Product/Service

NIC Code

% Of total Turnover contributed
99%

1

Iron Ore

071

2

Diamond

089

3

Pellets

241

4

Sponge Iron

241

5

Wind Power

351

1%

III.

Operations

18.

Number of locations where plants and/or operations/offices of the entity are situated:
Location

Number of operations

Number of offices

Total

National

4

*

1

5

International

0

0

0

*Three Iron Ore Mines (Kirandul, Bacheli and Donimalai),one Diamond Mine (Panna)
19.

Markets served by the entity

a)

Number of locations
Locations

Number

National (No. of states)

11

International (No. of Countries)

0

b)

What is the contribution of exports as a percentage of the total turnover of the entity?
Nil

c)

A brief on types of customers
NMDC serves B2G, B2B, and B2C customers meeting their resource requirements across the value chain.
Majority of the customers are steel manufacturers.

128

[p.133]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

IV.

Employees

20. Details as at the end of the Financial Year:
a)

Employees and Workers (including differently abled):

Sl.
No.

Male

Total
(A)

Particulars

Female

No.
(B)

%
(B / A)

No. (C)

%
(C / A)

1,647

1,565

95.02

82

4.98

EMPLOYEES (Executives)
Permanent (D)

2.

Other than Permanent (E)

0

0

0.00

0

0.00

3.

Total employees (D + E)

1,647

1,565

95.02

82

4.98

WORKERS (Non-Executives)
4.

Permanent (F)

3,983

3,696

92.79

287

7.21

5.

Other than Permanent (G)

5,309

4,615

86.93

694

13.07

6.

Total workers (F + G)

9,292

8,311

89.44

981

10.56

b)

Corporate Overview

1.

Differently abled Employees and workers:
Male

Total

Particulars

(A)

Female

No.

%

(B)

(B/A)

No. (C)

%
(C/A)

DIFFERENTLY ABLED EMPLOYEES (Executives)
1.

Permanent (D)

21

19

90.48

2

9.52

2.

Other than Permanent (E)

0

0

0.00

0

0.00

3.

Total differently abled employees (D + E)

21

19

90.48

2

9.52

Statutory Reports

Sl.
No.

DIFFERENTLY ABLED WORKERS (Non-Executives)
Permanent (F)

87

80

91.95

7

8.05

5.

Other than permanent (G)

14

11

78.57

3

21.43

6.

Total differently abled workers (F + G)

101

91

90.10

10

9.90

21.

Participation/Inclusion/Representation of women
Particulars

Total (A)

No. and percentage of females
No. (B)

% (B/A)

Board of Directors (BoD)

10

1

10.0

Key Management Personnel (KMP)

1

0

0

22. Turnover rate (%) for permanent employees (Executives) and workers (Non-Executives)
Particulars

FY 2023-24

FY 2022-23

FY 2021-22

Male

Female

Total

Male

Female

Total

Male

Female

Total

Permanent Employees

5.30

8.53

5.46

5.60

1.13

5.36

4.12

5

4.17

Permanent Workers

3.38

2.09

3.28

4.27

2.17

4.13

3.53

2.14

3.43

129

Financial Statements

4.

[p.134]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

V.

Holding, Subsidiary, and Associate Companies (including joint ventures)

23. (a) Names of holding/subsidiary / associate companies / joint ventures

S.
No

Name of the holding/subsidiary/associate
companies/joint ventures (A)

Indicate whether
holding/
subsidiary/
Associate
company/ joint
venture

% of
shares
held by
the listed
entity

Does the entity
indicated at column
A participate in the
Business Responsibility
initiatives of the listed
entity? (Yes/No)

1

Legacy Iron Ore Ltd.

Subsidiary

91.38%

No

2

J&K Mineral Development Corporation Ltd.

Subsidiary

95.86%

No

3

Karnataka Vijayanagar Steel Ltd.

Subsidiary

100%

No

4

NMDC-SARL, Madagascar

Subsidiary

100%

No

5

NMDC CSR Foundation

Subsidiary

100%

No

6

Kopano-NMDC Minerals (pty.) Ltd. South Africa

Joint Venture

50%

No

7

Jharkhand National Mineral Development
Corporation Ltd.

Joint Venture

60%

No

8

NMDC-CMDC Ltd.

Joint Venture

51%

No

9

Bastar Railway Pvt. Ltd.

Joint Venture

52%

No

10

Romelt-SAIL (India) Ltd.

Associate

25%

No

11

International Coal Ventures Pvt. Ltd.

Associate

25.94%

No

12

Krishnapatnam Railway Company Ltd.

Associate

6.4%

No

13

Chhattisgarh Mega Steel Ltd.

Associate

26%

No

VI.

CSR Details

24. (i) Whether CSR is applicable as per Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013: Yes
(ii) Turnover (in Rs.): 21,294 Crores (Revenue from operations)
(iii) Net worth (in Rs.): 25,406 Crores

130

[p.135]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

VII. Transparency and Disclosures Compliances:
25. Complaints/Grievances on any of the principles (Principles 1 to 9) under the National Guidelines on
Responsible Business Conduct:
FY2023-24
Current Financial Year
Grievance Redressal
Mechanism in
Place (Yes/No)
(If yes, then provide web-link
for grievance redress policy)

Number
ofcomNumber
plaints
of compendplaints
ing resfiled
olution
during
at close
the year
of the
year

Communities

299

2

83

7

Investors
(Other than
shareholders)

0

0

0

0

15

0

21

0

11

0

23

1

8

0

42

0

2

2

0

0

165

5

85

12

Shareholders
Employees
and workers
Customers
Value Chain
Partners

Yes. It can be found in NMDC’s
Whistleblower Policy.
Link: https://www.nmdc.
co.in/cms-admin/Upload/
Policies-Document/405f4d8
884cb49bdbf42fc548d4ed
da2_20210920061059002.pdf

Other (Please
specify)

Remarks

Remarks

Statutory Reports

Number of
complaints
filed
during the
year

Number
ofcomplaints
pending
resolution
at close of
the year

26. Overview of the entity’s material responsible business conduct issues:

1

Energy

Indicate
whether
risk or
opportunity
(R/O)
Risk /
Opportunity

Rationale for identifying the risk/
opportunity

In case of risk, approach
to adapt or mitigate

Risk

The company constantly
monitors its fuel
consumption and has
introduced several
retrofits/ initiatives
to optimize fuel
consumption.

NMDC’s operations are
dependent on fossil fuels for
running its equipment and other
operations. The company’s
profitability is dependent on
continuous availability of fuels
at constant price. Any fuel price
fluctuation impacts the company’s
profitability.

Financial
implications
of the risk
opportunity
(Indicate
positive or
negative
implications)
Negative/
Positive

Opportunity
Energy transition provides
an opportunity for NMDC to
transition to green and renewable
energy and contribute to India’s
NDCs.

131

Financial Statements

Sl.
No.

Material
issue
identified

Corporate Overview

Stakeholder
group from
whom
complaint is
received

FY2022-23
Previous Financial Year

[p.136]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Material
issue
identified

Sl.
No.

Indicate
whether
risk or
opportunity
(R/O)

Rationale for identifying the risk/
opportunity

In case of risk, approach
to adapt or mitigate

Financial
implications
of the risk
opportunity
(Indicate
positive or
negative
implications)

2

Climate
Change
Vulnerability

Risk

Climate Change poses risks
to mining operations. Events
like heavy rainfall may result in
slow-down in mining activities
and improving the company’s
revenues.

Negative
NMDC is in the process
of conducting robust
climate risk assessments
to determine transition
and physical risks and will
subsequently develop a
climate change mitigation
and adaptation strategy.

3

Biodiversity

Risk /
Opportunity

Risk

NMDC seeks periodic
renewal of Environmental
Clearances. NMDC has
also developed projectspecific biodiversity
management plans.

Negative/
Positive

NMDC has ceased
wet-washing of ores
at most mines, except
for Bacheli, thereby
reducing the associated
risk. Additionally, NMDC
aims to achieve 100%
recycled water usage
for dust suppression by
implementing sprinkling
techniques at mine sites
by 2025.

Negative

NMDC operates in areas of
dense biodiversity. The mining
operations and resultant waste
may pose threats to biodiversity.
Any negative impact on
biodiversity also poses a risk of
community agitation and legal
& regulatory sanctions on the
company’s expansion plans.
Opportunity
NMDC rigorously contributes
to biodiversity enhancement at
all project sites and the nearby
areas.
The company’s afforestation
activities present an opportunity
for creating carbon sinks to offset
its emissions.

4

Water

132

Risk

Water is used in operation for
ore-washing and runoff water
from tailings pose a risk of nearby
land contamination. This may
result in community agitations and
regulatory interventions resulting
in reputational risk.

[p.137]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Sl.
No.

Material
issue
identified

Indicate
whether
risk or
opportunity
(R/O)

Rationale for identifying the risk/
opportunity

In case of risk, approach
to adapt or mitigate

Financial
implications
of the risk
opportunity
(Indicate
positive or
negative
implications)

Human
Resource
Management
and Human
Capital
Development

Opportunity

NMDC’s employees and workers
present and opportunity to
further NMDC’s commitments
to sustainability. The company
has integrated ERP to monitor
its human resource department,
leveraging technology to connect
employees and workers across
projects. NMDC is conducting
regular trainings and has
introduced regular ESG training
in the annual module for the
senior management. NMDC’s
skill development initiatives are
also helping employees integrate
digital skills into their day-today work. Trainings are also
conducted to help in preventing
health and safety-related
incidents at mine sites.

Positive

6

Community
Relations

Opportunity

NMDC acknowledges social
development as its utmost
priority. The company undertakes
CSR activities that address the
needs of the communities, helping
it build deeper, more transparent
relationships with community
members.

Positive

7

Occupational
Health and
Safety

Risk

Mining activities may pose
occupational health and safety
risks to employees and workers
owing to the nature of operations.

Corporate Overview

5

Statutory Reports

Negative

133

Financial Statements

NMDC conducts
periodic training/
sensitization sessions
for its employees and
workers. NMDC monitors
its accident statistics
through its trained safety
professionals deployed
on-site. NMDC apprises
the Senior management
including the Board of
Directors on the safetyrelated incidents and
corresponding preventive
actions periodically.

[p.138]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Material
issue
identified

Sl.
No.

Indicate
whether
risk or
opportunity
(R/O)

Rationale for identifying the risk/
opportunity

In case of risk, approach
to adapt or mitigate

NMDC interacts with
indigenous people
regularly and has
positively impacted
the lives of many, in
the surrounding areas
in terms of better
connectivity, improved
access to medical
facilities, markets for
local produce, and many
more opportunities
for socioeconomic
development.

8

Right to
Indigenous
People

Risk

NMDC’s project sites at Kirandul
and Bacheli are located near the
Indigenous people’s inhabitations.
This exposes the company to the
reputational risk of impacting the
indigenous population.

9

Economic
Performance

Opportunity

NMDC has remained the largest
iron-ore producer in the country.
Its processes are deeply linked
with innovation and technology,
keeping it ahead of the curve
always.

134

Financial
implications
of the risk
opportunity
(Indicate
positive or
negative
implications)
Negative

Positive

[p.139]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

SECTION B: MANAGEMENT AND PROCESS DISCLOSURES
This section is aimed at helping businesses demonstrate the structures, policies and processes put in place towards
adopting the NGRBC Principles and Core Elements.
Disclosure Questions

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

Policy and management processes
Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

b. Has the policy been approved by the Board? (Yes/No)

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

https: //www.nmdc.co.in/investors/policies-anddocuments
c. Web Link of the Policies, if available

Some of the policies of the NMDC are
accessible only to employees and other internal
stakeholders through the intranet.

Whether the entity has translated the policy into
procedures. (Yes / No)

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

3.

Do the enlisted policies extend to your value chain
partners? (Yes/No)

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

4.

Name of the national and international codes/
certifications/labels/ standards (e.g.,Forest Stewardship
Council, Fairtrade, Rainforest Alliance, Trustea) standards
(e.g.,SA 8000, OHSAS, ISO, BIS) adopted by your entity
and mapped to each principle

NMDC is compliant and accredited with the
certifications ISO 9001-2015, ISO 14001:2015,
ISO 45001:2018 and SA 8000:2014, OHSAS
18001:2007; NMDC follows GRI standards
for measuring and reporting its sustainability
performance.

5.

Specific commitments, goals, and targets set by the
entity with defined timelines if any

Performance of the entity against the specific
commitments, goals, and targets along with reasons in
case the same are not met

1.

Increasing Renewable Energy Share: We
are actively working to raise our utilization of
renewable energy to 25%.

2.

Zero Harm to Life: The safety and well-being
of our workforce remain our top priority.

3.

Human Rights Audits: Rigorous audits at
project sites uphold human rights standards.

4.

Organizational Structure: Clearly defined
roles and responsibilities for ESG management
are integrated throughout our organization.

Additionally, NMDC is making significant progress
toward its Net Zero strategy, aligning with global
sustainability efforts.
Governance, leadership, and oversight
7.

Statement by the director responsible for the business responsibility report, highlighting ESG related
challenges, targets, and achievements (listed entity has flexibility regarding the placement of this
disclosure)
NMDC is steadfast in its commitment to protecting the environment and promoting sustainability. Through
investment in cutting-edge technologies and research initiatives, NMDC aims to reduce waste and implement
eco-friendly practices throughout its operations. The company has also established a comprehensive

135

Financial Statements

6.

At NMDC, we prioritize technology and
innovation in our mining processes to ensure
eco-friendliness. These advancements play
a crucial role in achieving our Environmental,
Social, and Governance (ESG) objectives. Our
specific targets include:

Statutory Reports

2.

Corporate Overview

1. a. Whether your entity’s policy/policies cover each principle
and its core element of the NGRBCs. (Yes/No)

[p.140]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

governance system designed to minimize its environmental footprint and optimize resource efficiency. This
dedication to sustainability permeates all levels of business, from everyday activities to strategic long-term
planning.
The company faces significant ESG challenges and opportunities, particularly in enhancing resource
efficiency, reducing GHG emissions, fostering transparent governance structures, and managing its impact
on communities and the environment. Efficient resource management through advanced technologies and
operational practices is crucial for NMDC to sustain productivity while minimizing resource consumption and
GHG emissions. Transparent governance and rigorous risk assessments ensure ethical decision-making and
proactive risk mitigation, reinforcing NMDC’s commitment to sustainable growth and building trust among
stakeholders.
NMDC consistently strives to enhance its sustainability initiatives and integrate them into core business
strategies. Looking ahead, NMDC remains committed to pursuing sustainable and ethical growth, aiming to
ensure that its current efforts contribute to a more sustainable and prosperous future for all.
8.

Details of the highest authority responsible for implementation and oversight of the Business Responsibility
policy (ies).
Shri A.S. Pardha Saradhi
Executive Director & Company Secretary
Email id - cs_pardha@nmdc.co.in

9.

Does the entity have a specified Committee of the Board/ Director responsible for decision making on
sustainability related issues? (Yes / No). If yes, provide details.
Yes. The following Committees of the Board with their specific terms of reference are in place to ensure
decision-making/oversight on sustainability-related issues –
•

Sustainability and CSR Committee

•

Stakeholders Relationship Committee

•

Risk Management Committee
Details of Review of NGRBCs by the Company:
Subject for Review

10

11

Performance against
above policies and
follow up action

Indicate whether review was
undertaken by Director / Committee of
the Board/ Any other Committee.

Frequency
(Annually/ Half yearly/ Quarterly/ Any
other – please specify)

P1 P2

P1

P3 P4 P5 P6

P7 P8 P9

P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9

Yes

Annually

Compliance with
statutory requirements
of relevance to
the principles, and
rectification of any
non-compliances

Yes; Annually

Has the entity carried out independent assessment/
evaluation of the working of its policies by an external
agency? (Yes/No). If yes, provide the name of the agency.

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

N

N

N

N

N

N

N

Y*

N

* Impact assessment has been carried out for CSR projects

136

[p.141]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

12.

If answer to question (1) above is “No” i.e., not ALL Principles are covered by a policy, reasons to be stated:
Questions

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

The entity does not consider the principles material to its
business (Yes/No)
The entity is not at a stage where it is in a position to
formulate and implement the policies on specified
principles (Yes/No)

Not Applicable

It is planned to be done in the next financial year (Yes/No)
Any other reason (please specify)
SECTION C: PRINCIPLE WISE PERFORMANCE DISCLOSURE
Principle 1: Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with integrity, and in a manner that is Ethical,
Transparent and Accountable

Corporate Overview

The entity does not have the financial or/human and
technical resources available for the task (Yes/No)

Essential Indicators
1.

Percentage coverage by training and awareness programs on any of the principles during the financial year:
% of persons in
respective category
covered by the
awareness programmes

Board of Directors (BOD)

1

Concept of Corporate
Governance, fiduciary duties
and responsibilities of Directors

10%

Key Managerial Personnel

1

Corporate Governance
roadmap, changing business
trends

100%

First Aid, Fire Fighting, General
Safety in Mines, Behavior Based
Safety & Skill Development,
Knowledge upgradation.

100%

Segment

Employees other than Board of
Directors and Key Managerial
Personnel (KMPs)
Workers
2.

654

Details of fines / penalties / punishment / award / compounding fees / settlement amount paid in
proceedings (by the entity or by its directors / KMPs) with regulators/ law enforcement agencies/ judicial
institutions in FY 2023-24.
The Company has received a Notice levying fines/penalties on the Company for non-compliance with regard
to composition of the Board in terms of Regulation 17 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. Details of the same are
mentioned in the Corporate Governance Report.
The Company has replied to BSE and NSE requesting for condonation of fine on the grounds that being a
Central Public Sector Enterprise under administrative control of Ministry of Steel, Govt. of India and as per
Articles of Association, the President of India acting through the controlling ministry is empowered to appoint
all members on the Board of Directors. The correspondence from BSE and NSE was placed before the Board
of Directors of the Company in its meetings and the comments made by the Board, if any, were informed to the
exchanges. The Company is also regularly requesting the Ministry of Steel, Govt. of India for appointment of the
requisite number of Independent Directors on the Board of the Company.

137

Financial Statements

Topics / principles covered
under the training and
its impact

Statutory Reports

Total number
of training and
awareness
programmes held

[p.142]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Particulars

NGRBC
Principle

Name of the
regulatory/
enforcement
agencies/ judicial
institutions

Amount
(In INR)

Brief of the Case

Has an appeal
been preferred?
(Yes/No)

Brief of the Case

Has an appeal
been preferred?
(Yes/No)

Monetary
Penalty/ Fine
Settlement

Nil

Compounding fee
Non-Monetary
Particulars

NGRBC
Principle

Name of the regulatory/
enforcement agencies/ judicial
institutions

Imprisonment

Nil

Punishment
3.

Of the instances disclosed in Question 2 above, details of the Appeal/Revision preferred in cases where
monetary or non-monetary action has been appealed.
Name of the regulatory/ enforcement agencies/
judicial institutions

Case Details
NA
4.

Does the entity have an anti-corruption or anti-bribery policy? If yes, provide details in brief and if available,
provide a web-link to the policy.
Yes. The principles of anti-corruption and anti-bribery form a part of the code of conduct and various
policies and procedures adopted by NMDC. The company has entered into an MoU with Transparency
International India for implementation of the Integrity Pact Programme with the view to improve transparency in
procurement.
Further, in line with the company’s act and LODR regulations, the company has a Whistleblower Policy in place
which aims to safeguard the employees from reprisals or victimization for whistleblowing in good faith in case
they observe any unethical and improper practices, procedures, or wrongful conduct. The weblink for the
Whistle-blower policy has been given below:
https://www.nmdc.co.in/cms-admin/Upload/Policies-Document/405f4d8884cb49bdbf42fc548d4ed
da2_20210920061059002.pdf

5.

Number of Directors/KMPs/employees/workers against whom disciplinary action was taken by any law
enforcement agency for the charges of bribery/ corruption:
FY2023-24
(Current Financial Year)

FY2022-23
(Previous Financial Year)

Directors

0

0

Key Managerial Personnel (KMP)

0

0

Employees

0

0

Workers

0

0

Segment

138

[p.143]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

6.

Details of complaints with regard to conflict of interest:
FY 2022-23
(Previous Financial Year)

Number

Remarks

Number

Remarks

Number of complaints received in relation to
issues of Conflict of Interest of the Directors

0

Nil

0

Nil

Number of complaints received in relation to
issues of Conflict of Interest of the KMPs

0

Nil

0

Nil

Particulars

7.

Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway on issues related to fines / penalties / action
taken by regulators/ law enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions, on cases of corruption and conflicts of
interest.
Not applicable as no complaints regarding conflicts of interest were received.

8.

Number of days of accounts payables ((Accounts payable *365) / Cost of goods/services procured) in the
following format:
FY 2023-24
(Current Financial Year)

FY 2022-23
(Previous Financial Year)

9

13

Number of days of accounts payables
9.

Corporate Overview

FY 2023-24
(Current Financial Year)

Open-ness of business

Parameter
a.
Concentration of b.
Purchases
c.

Concentration of b.
Sales
c.

Share of RPTs in

FY2022-23
(Previous
Financial
Year)

Purchases from trading houses as % of total purchases

Nil

Nil

Number of trading houses where purchases are made from

Nil

Nil

Purchases from top 10 trading houses as % of total
purchases from trading houses

Nil

Nil

Sales to dealers / distributors as % of total sales

Nil

Nil

Number of dealers / distributors to whom sales are made

Nil

Nil

Sales to top 10 dealers / distributors as % of total sales to
dealers / distributors

Nil

Nil

0.008%

0.07%

a.

Purchases (Purchases with related parties / Total
Purchases)

b.

Sales (Sales to related parties / Total Sales)

6%

0.26%

c.

Loans & advances (Loans & advances given to related
parties / Total loans & advances)

7%

58%

d.

Investments (Investments in related parties / Total
Investments made)

11%

0%

139

Financial Statements

a.

Metrics

FY2023-24
(Current
Financial
Year)

Statutory Reports

Provide details of concentration of purchases and sales with trading houses, dealers, and related parties
along-with loans and advances & investments, with related parties, in the following format:

[p.144]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Leadership Indicators
1.

Awareness programmes conducted for value chain partners on any of the Principles during the financial
year:
There was no awareness programme conducted for value chain partners during the financial year.

2.

Does the entity have processes in place to avoid/ manage conflict of interests involving members of the
Board? (Yes/No) If yes, provide details of the same.
Yes, there is a Vigilance department that plays an advisory role and after investigation or study of any matter
or any system/process of the organization, suggests system improvements. In case, during investigation any
deviation or misconduct with malicious intention is found on the part of any employee, vigilance may bring
it to the notice of the Disciplinary Authority, in a confidential manner, with recommendation for necessary
disciplinary action as deemed fit. However, whether recommendations from vigilance warrant for disciplinary
action /imposition of penalty or not is to be decided by such authority only.
Further, there is a Board approved Policy on Related Party Transactions specifically capturing the criteria for
determining materiality and standard operating procedures for dealing with related party transactions of the
Company. The Audit Committee headed by the Independent Director, independently reviews, and recommends
the related party transactions for approval of the Board, as may be required in terms of extant statutory
provisions.
Also, there is a Board approved Code of conduct for Board of Directors and Senior Management of NMDC
which provides necessary guidelines to avoid conflict of interest. This specifies that the director(s) shall not be
involved in a situation in which he/she may have a direct or indirect interest that conflicts, or may conflict, with
the interest of the company. All Board members and members of Senior Management must affirm compliance
with the said Code annually and a consolidated certificate thereof, duly signed by the CEO, i.e. CMD in our
case, is annexed to the Corporate Governance Report.
The Board members also disclose to the Board their concern / interest as Director / Partner / otherwise in other
bodies corporate, from time to time. In case of conflict of interest with any agenda item, the concerned Director
recuses himself/herself from discussion on that agenda item. Further, there is no expenditure incurred by the
Company, which is personal in nature and incurred for the Board of Directors and Top Management, and this
fact has been disclosed in the Corporate Governance Report.
Weblinks containing the Policies / Code referred above are provided herein:
https://www.nmdc.co.in/investors/policies-and-documents

Principle 2: Businesses should provide goods and services in a manner that is sustainable and safe.
Essential Indicators
1.

Percentage of R&D and Capital Expenditure (capex) investments in specific technologies to improve the
environmental and social impacts of product and processes to total R&D and Capex investments made by
the entity, respectively.

Particulars

Research and
Development
(R&D)

140

FY2023-24
(Current
Financial
Year)

3.9%

FY2022-23
(Previous
Financial
Year)

Details of improvements in environmental and social impacts

2.5%

In our ongoing research projects at the R&D Centre, we are
actively investigating dry beneficiation technologies with the
goal of minimizing water usage in the beneficiation process.
Moreover, development of fused magnesia from kimberlite coarse
tailings is being investigated which will have significant impact on
environmental and social aspects of Diamond Mining Project, Panna
by vacating the occupied land as well as creating Job opportunities
for local populace.

[p.145]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Particulars

FY2023-24
(Current
Financial
Year)

FY2022-23
(Previous
Financial
Year)

Details of improvements in environmental and social impacts
NMDC consistently invests in cutting-edge technology to enhance
the environmental and social impact of its mining operations. One
significant intervention involves the adoption of slurry pipeline
transport for iron ore fines. Here are the key points:

Capex

43.82%

38.51%

In the first phase, NMDC has taken up the laying of 135 kms of
slurry pipeline from Bailadila to Nagarnar which will be further
extended by an additional 300 km in future. About 58 km of slurry
pipeline has been laid as on 31/03/2024.
2. a. Does the entity have procedures in place for sustainable sourcing? (Yes/No)

Statutory Reports

The project aligns with industry trends, utilizing iron ore fines
in pellet form due to inherent advantages (both physical and
metallurgical). Unlike rail transport, where land is fully converted
due to railway tracks, the pipeline is laid underground, allowing
existing activities (except permanent structures) to resume.
Additionally, the process addresses low-grade slimes, minimizing
ore wastage. Unlike rail transport, which is weather-dependent, the
pipeline operates regardless of weather conditions. In remote areas
where laying railway lines is impractical, slurry pipeline transport
provides a viable solution.

Corporate Overview

NMDC operates iron ore mines in the Bailadila sector. Traditionally,
iron ore lumps and fines are transported via the K-K Railway line
from Bailadila to Vizag. To create additional evacuation facilities,
NMDC now employs slurry pipeline transport as an alternate mode.
Iron ore fines are converted into iron ore concentrate slurry form.
At terminal stations, the slurry is filtered to produce pellet feed
concentrate, which is then converted into pellets for iron and steel
production.

No.
b.

If yes, what percentage of inputs were sourced sustainably?

3.

Describe the processes in place to safely reclaim your products for reusing, recycling, and disposing at the
end of life, for (a) Plastics (including packaging) (b) E-waste (c) Hazardous waste and (d) other waste.
Not Applicable as NMDC’s main product, i.e., iron ore, is not reclaimed for recycling.

4.

Whether Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) is applicable to the entity’s activities (Yes / No). If yes,
whether the waste collection plan is in line with the Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) plan submitted
to Pollution Control Boards? If not, provide steps taken to address the same.
EPR is not applicable to iron ore which is NMDC’s major product.

141

Financial Statements

Not Applicable.

[p.146]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Leadership Indicators
Has the entity conducted Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments (LCA) for any of its products (for
manufacturing industry) or for its services (for service industry)? If yes, provide details in the following
format?

1.

NIC
Code

71
2.

Name of
Product/
Service

% of total
Turnover
contributed

Boundary for which the
Life Cycle Perspective /
Assessment was conducted

Whether
conducted by
independent
external agency
(Yes/No)

Results
communicated in
public domain (Yes/
No) If yes, provide
the web-link.

99%

The system boundary for the
Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) of
iron ore includes processes from
blasting to hot metal production.

Yes

No

Iron Ore

If there are any significant social or environmental concerns and/or risks arising from production or disposal
of your products / services, as identified in the Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments (LCA) or through any
other means, briefly describe the same along-with action taken to mitigate the same.
No

3.

Percentage of recycled or reused input material to total material (by value) used in production (for
manufacturing industry) or providing services (for service industry).
This is not applicable to iron ore as it is mined and processed.

4.

Of the products and packaging reclaimed at end of life of products, amount (in metric tonnes) reused,
recycled, and safely disposed, as per the following format:
This is not applicable to NMDC’s product i.e., iron ore.

5.

Reclaimed products and their packaging materials (as percentage of products sold) for each product
category.
This is not applicable to NMDC’s product i.e., iron ore.

PRINCIPLE 3: Businesses should respect and promote the well-being of all employees, including those in their
value chains
Essential Indicators
1. a. Details of measures for the well-being of employees:
% of employees covered by
Category

Total (A)

Health
insurance
No:
(B)

Accident
insurance

Maternity
benefits

Paternity
Benefits

Day Care
facilities

%
(B/A)

No:
(C)

%
(C/A)

No:
(D)

%
(D/A)

No:
(E)

%
(E/A)

No:
(F)

%
(F/A)

Permanent Employees ( Executives)
Male

1,565

1,565

100%

1,565

100%

NA

NA

1,565

100%

NA

NA

Female

82

82

100%

82

100%

82

100%

NA

NA

82

100%

Total

1,647

1,647

100%

1,647

100%

82

5%

1,565

95%

82

5%

Other than Permanent Employees
Male
Female
Total

142

Not Applicable

[p.147]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

1.b. Details of measures for the well-being of workers:
% of Workers covered by
Category

Health
insurance

Total (A)

No:
(B)

Accident
insurance

Maternity
benefits

Paternity
Benefits

Day Care
facilities

%
(B/A)

No:
(C)

%
(C/A)

No:
(D)

%
(D/A)

No:
(E)

%
(E/A)

No:
(F)

%
(F/A)

Permanent Workers ( Non- Executives)
3,696

3,696

100%

3,696

100%

NA

NA

3,696

100%

NA

NA

Female

287

287

100%

287

100%

287

100%

NA

NA

287

100%

Total

3,983

3,983

100%

3,983

100%

287

7%

3,696

93%

287

7%

Other than Permanent Workers
Male
Female

Not Applicable

Corporate Overview

Male

Total
1.c. Spending on measures towards well-being of employees and workers (including permanent and other than
permanent) in the following format:

Cost incurred on well- being measures as a % of total
revenue of the company
2.

FY2022-23
Previous Financial Year

1.38%

1.98%

Details of retirement benefits, for Current Financial Year and Previous Financial Year.
FY2023-24
(Current Financial Year)

FY2022-23
(Previous Financial Year)

No. of
workers
covered as
a % of total
workers

Deducted and
deposited with
the authority
(Y/N/N.A.)

No. of
employees
covered as
a % of total
employees

No. of
workers
covered as
a % of total
workers

Deducted and
deposited with
the authority
(Y/N/N.A.)

PF

100%

100%

Yes

100%

100%

Yes

Gratuity

100%

100%

Yes

100%

100%

Yes

ESI

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

Others - Please
specify

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

3.

Accessibility of workplaces –
Are the premises/offices of the entity accessible to differently abled employees and workers, as per the
requirements of the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If not, whether any steps are being taken
by the entity in this regard.
Yes, all office premises are accessible to the differently abled employees. NMDC is continuously working
towards improving the accessibility of infrastructure to differently abled persons.

4.

Does the entity have an equal opportunity policy as per the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If
so, provide a web-link to the policy.
NMDC is a SA-8000 company and a Government of India’s Public Sector Enterprise which is governed by the
DPE Guidelines, the policies of the Govt. of India and the Act of the Parliament. the company follows equal
opportunity in the letter and spirit.

143

Financial Statements

No. of
employees
covered as
a % of total
employees

Benefits

Statutory Reports

FY2023-24
Current Financial Year

[p.148]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

In addition to this, NMDC has specified non-discrimination in all matters – recruitment, employment opportunity,
promotion, etc. in the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC). The weblink for the same has been given below.
https://www.nmdc.co.in/cms-admin/Upload/Global_Compact_
Documents/644a54bb2c9640639433dbce133f1987_20211215123312890.pdf
5.

Return to work and Retention rates of permanent employees that took parental leave.
Gender

Permanent Employees ( Executives)

Permanent Workers ( Non- Executives)

Return to work rate

Retention rate

Return to work rate

Retention rate

Male

100%

100%

100%

100%

Female

100%

100%

100%

100%

Total

100%

100%

100%

100%

6.

Is there a mechanism available to receive and redress grievances for the following categories of employees
and workers? If yes, give details of the mechanism in brief.
Particulars

Yes/No

Permanent Employees
Other than Permanent Employees

Yes

Permanent Workers
Other than Permanent Workers
If yes, then give details of the mechanism in brief:

Yes, The Public Grievance Redressal Machinery in NMDC is headed by the Head of the Corporate Personnel
Department of the company, who is also the Grievance Redressal Officer of the company and monitors the
CPGRAMS portal. He is helped by the Personnel Department officers. The heads of Personnel at projects also
function as Grievance Redressal Officers for respective projects and assist the Grievance Redressal Officer at the
Head office.
A link to the CPGRAMS is provided on the NMDC’s website, where a grievance can be lodged by an aggrieved
person.
7.

Membership of employees and workers in association(s) or Unions recognized by the listed entity
FY2023-24
(Current Financial Year)
Total
employees
/ workers in
respective
category
(A)

No. of employees
/workers in
respective
category, who
are part of
association(s) or
Union
(B)

Total Permanent
Employees (Executives)

1,647

Male
Female

FY2022-23
(Previous Financial Year)

%
(B/A)

Total
employees
/ workers
in
respective
category
(C)

No. of employees
/ workers in
respective
category, who
are part of
association(s) or
Union
(D)

%
(D/C)

1,647

100%

1,692

1,692

100%

1,565

1,565

100%

1,604

1,604

100%

82

82

100%

88

88

100%

Total Permanent Workers
(Non - Executives)

3,983

3,983

100%

4,017

4,017

100%

Male

3,696

3,696

100%

3,741

3,741

100%

Female

287

287

100%

276

276

100%

Category

144

[p.149]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

8.

Details of training given to employees and workers:
NMDC conducts trainings for its employees and workers regularly. However, our systems currently capture the
training data in terms of number of person-days and not in the number of employees or workers. Due to the
limitation of our systems to capture the information in the desired format, we are providing the training figures
in terms of person-days in the table below:

Permanent Employees (Executives)
FY2022-23
Previous Financial Year

On Health and safety measures (total person-days)

710

619

On Skill upgradation (total person-days)

1,310

946

FY2023-24
Current Financial Year

FY2022-23
Previous Financial Year

On Health and safety measures (total person-days)

1,350

1,274

On Skill upgradation (total person-days)

1,417

1,354

FY2023-24
Current Financial Year

FY2022-23
Previous Financial Year

On Health and safety measures (total person-days)

1,768

1,328

On Skill upgradation (total person-days)

55

54

Permanent Workers (Non- Executives)
Category

Corporate Overview

FY2023-24
Current Financial Year

Category

Workers (Other than permanent)

9.

Details of performance and career development reviews of employees and workers:

Category

FY2023-24
(Current Financial Year)
Total
(A)

FY2022-23
(Previous Financial Year)

No.
(B)

%
(B / A)

Total
(C)

No.
(D)

%
(D / C)

Statutory Reports

Category

Permanent Employees (Executives)
1,565

1,565

100%

1,608

1,608

100%

Female

82

82

100%

88

88

100%

Total

1,647

1,647

100%

1,696

1,696

100%

Permanent Workers (Non- Executives)
Male

3,696

3,696

100%

3,741

3,741

100%

Female

287

287

100%

276

276

100%

Total

3,983

3,983

100%

4,017

4,017

100%

10.

Health and Safety Management System:

a)

Whether an occupational health and safety management system has been implemented by the entity? (Yes/
No). If yes, the coverage such system?
Yes, NMDC has implemented the ISO 45001:2018 Occupational Health and Safety Management System as part
of its Integrated Management System covering all operational projects. NMDC is also having a well-defined
Occupational Health and Safety policy. Our adherence to various acts and regulations such as the Mines Act
of 1952, Metalliferous Mines Regulation of 1961, Mines Rules of 1955, Explosive Act of 1883, Explosive Rules
of 2019, and the Occupational Safety, Health, and Working Conditions Code of 2020 further demonstrates our
commitment to safety and health standards.

145

Financial Statements

Male

[p.150]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

b)

What are the processes used to identify work-related hazards and assess risks on a routine and non-routine
basis by the entity?
For all NMDC’s mines, risk assessment-based Safety Management Plans have been created, implemented, and
recommended controls Based on the local characteristics present there, multidimensional teams from each
mine build these plans. For a variety of mining and related operations, Standard Operating Procedures are
developed and put into place based on risk assessments Project audit teams conduct internal safety audits
twice a year, and they follow up on their findings to ensure a safe working environment. Continuous inspection/
monitoring of equipment are done at all projects quarterly to ensure equipment stability. A separate team has
been given the responsibility to monitor the same.

c.

Whether you have processes for employees/workers to report the work-related hazards and to remove
themselves from such risks. (Y/N)
Yes. NMDC has a well-established health and safety governance structure guided by the Top Management.
They in turn receive input from workers’ unions and associations regarding workers’ and employees’ health
and safety requirements. Over a hundred of the company’s workers and employees are covered by the safety
management system. The workers report the identified hazards in the workplace to the shift in charge. All such
reported hazards are recorded and maintained at the site and are also discussed during the monthly safety
meetings.

d)

Do the employees/workers of the entity have access to non-occupational medical and healthcare services?
(Yes / No)
Yes. All new hires undergo an initial medical examination, and all departmental and contractor personnel have
periodic medical examinations on a regular basis in accordance with regulatory timelines Under the supervision
of a trained medical officer, the Occupational Health Centre offers services like audiometry, X rays, and eye
testing. The records are kept digitally.

11.

Details of safety related incidents, in the following format
Safety Incident/Number

Category

FY2023-24
(Current Financial Year)

FY2022-23
(Previous Financial Year)

Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR)

Employees

0

0

(Per one million-person hours worked)

Workers

0.38

0.78*

Employees

0

0

Workers

4

8

Employees

0

0

Workers

0

0

Employees

0

0

Workers

0

3

Total recordable work-related injuries
No. of fatalities
High consequence work-related injury or
ill-health (excluding fatalities)

*Last year, the company reported the Injury Frequency Rate (IFR); the LTIFR is reported for this year.
12.

Describe the measures taken by the entity to ensure a safe and healthy workplace.
NMDC has established and implemented the hazard identification and risk assessment (HIRA), process
essential for preventing incidents, injuries, and occupational disease. HIRA registers are maintained at the
site and reviewed periodically to identify and mitigate the risks. The HIRA process also considers roles and
responsibilities, monitoring of control measures, and awareness of individuals associated with such activities.
Formal training on risk assessment has been provided as appropriate to all employees periodically.
For all activities including routine or non-routine hazards are identified through Hazard Identification and Risk
Assessment (HIRA) and Job Safety Analysis. Identified hazards and associated risks are addressed through
operational control measures using the hierarchy of control approach. Dust suppression through water
sprinkling, providing masks, and other safety measures are used to control dust-related hazards in the mines.
Adequate medical facilities have been established at the sites as required under statutory provisions
like Occupational health centers, qualified medical doctors, etc. All new hires undergo an initial medical
examination. Periodic health checkups are also being conducted for all departmental and contractor personnel.

146

[p.151]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

NMDC has established an Occupational Health Centre to provide quality healthcare services to employees. The
Occupational Health Centre offers audiometry, X-rays, and eye testing. All the records are maintained digitally.
13.

Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers:
FY2023-24
(Current Financial Year)
Particulars

FY2022-23
(Previous Financial Year)

Filed during
the year

Pending
resolution at the
end of year

Remarks

Working
Conditions

0

0

NA

0

0

NA

Health and
Safety

0

0

NA

0

0

NA

Remarks

Assessments for the year:
Particulars

% of your plants and offices that were assessed by the entity

Health and safety practices

100%

Working Conditions

100%

Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway to address safety-related incidents (if any)
and on significant risks/concerns arising from assessments of health and safety practices and working
conditions.
A third-party agency has conducted the health and safety risk assessment. No notable risks or concerns
were reported following the study and NMDC has already implemented all necessary measures to ensure safe
working conditions.

Leadership Indicators
1.

Statutory Reports

15.

Pending
resolution at
the end of year

Corporate Overview

14.

Filed during
the year

Does the entity extend any life insurance or any compensatory package in the event of death of
(A) Employees - Yes
(B)

Provide the measures undertaken by the entity to ensure that statutory dues have been deducted and
deposited by the value chain partners.
The company has a robust mechanism for the deduction of various statutory dues such as TDS, GST and other
levies as per applicable laws and the company is in total compliance with the same.

3.

Provide the number of employees / workers having suffered high consequence work-related injury / illhealth / fatalities (as reported in Q11 of Essential Indicators above), who have been/are rehabilitated and
placed in suitable employment or whose family members have been placed in suitable employment:

Total no. of affected employees/ workers

No. of employees/workers that are
rehabilitated and placed in suitable
employment or whose family members have
been placed in suitable employment

FY2023-24
(Current Financial
Year)

FY2022-23
(Previous Financial
Year)

FY2023-24
(Current Financial
Year)

FY2022-23
(Previous Financial
Year)

Employees

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Workers

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

147

Financial Statements

2.

Workers - Yes

[p.152]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

4.

Does the entity provide transition assistance programs to facilitate continued employability and the
management of career endings resulting from retirement or termination of employment? (Yes/ No)
Yes

5.

Details on assessment of value chain partners:
% of value chain partners (by value of business done with
such partners) that were assessed

Health and safety practices

Nil

Working Conditions

Nil

6.

Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks / concerns arising
from assessments of health and safety practices and working conditions of value chain partners.
Not Applicable

Principle 4: Businesses should respect the interests of and be responsive to all its stakeholders
Essential Indicators
Describe the processes for identifying key stakeholder groups of the entity.

1.

NMDC has adopted a synergistic approach towards stakeholder engagement. The stakeholder engagement
process is guided by the NMDC Citizen’s Charter. The charter lays out the mechanism through which the
company reaches out and engages with its stakeholders and manages their feedback. NMDC’s decisions
regarding production, management, and general business functioning take place after thorough stakeholder
consultation. NMDC also ensures that it regularly meets legal, statutory, and regulatory requirements. The
company also organizes conference calls for its institutional investors from time to time, to keep the investors
abreast with the latest business developments, outlook, and roadmap for the future.
2.

List stakeholder groups identified as key for your entity and the frequency of engagement with each
stakeholder group.

Stakeholder
Group

Government
and other
Regulators

148

Whether
identified as
Vulnerable
and
Marginalized
Group (Yes/
No)
No

Channels of communication (Email,
SMS, Newspaper, Pamphlets,
Advertisement, Community
Meetings, Notice Board, Website),
Other
•

Meeting with Centre and State
Government, Ministry of Steel,
Ministry of Mines, Department
of Public Enterprises, Ministry
of Environment, Forests and
Climate Change, Ministry of
Corporate Affairs, Indian Bureau
of Mines, Director General Mine
Safety

•

Periodic communication
and submission of various
compliance reports to statutory
authorities

•

Performance Report (Quarterly
& Annually)

•

Inspections

Frequency of
engagement
(Annually/
Half yearly/
Quarterly
/ others
– please
specify)
Annual

Purpose and scope of
engagement including
key topics and concerns
raised during such
engagement
•

Infrastructure
development

•

Community
development

•

Forest and
environment
compliance,

•

Other applicable acts
like the Mines and
Mineral Conservation
Act

[p.153]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Stakeholder
Group

Employees

No

Industrial Relations meetings
with Union leaders

•

Bipartite and tripartite meetings

•

Collective bargaining
interactions with officer
associations

•

Official communications

•

Internal magazines and
e-newsletters

•

Employee satisfaction surveys

•

Grievance redressal forums

•

Employee training and seminars

•

Organizational celebrations

•

Monthly coordination meetings

•

Interactive meetings and
sessions during tenders

•

Periodic vendors’ and suppliers’
meet

•

Regional, International trade
fairs

•

Supplier relationship
management

•

Meeting with industry
representatives and ministries

•

Meetings with customers

•

Customer interactions and site
visits

•

Customer feedback and
grievance redressal forums

Quarterly

Half-yearly

Quarterly

•

Job satisfaction

•

Collective bargaining
agreements

•

Promotions and
career growth

•

Employee benefits
and remunerations

•

Performance
management and
recognition

•

Health and safety
measures at the
operating sites

•

Onboarding local
suppliers

•

Transparency and
anti-corruption
practices

•

Timely payment

•

Adoption of integrity
pact programme.

•

Quality of items
supplied

•

Quantity and quality
of products

•

Customer grievance
and resolution
mechanisms

149

Financial Statements

No

•

Purpose and scope of
engagement including
key topics and concerns
raised during such
engagement

Statutory Reports

Customers

No

Channels of communication (Email,
SMS, Newspaper, Pamphlets,
Advertisement, Community
Meetings, Notice Board, Website),
Other

Frequency of
engagement
(Annually/
Half yearly/
Quarterly
/ others
– please
specify)

Corporate Overview

Suppliers

Whether
identified as
Vulnerable
and
Marginalized
Group (Yes/
No)

[p.154]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Stakeholder
Group

Local

Whether
identified as
Vulnerable
and
Marginalized
Group (Yes/
No)
No

Channels of communication (Email,
SMS, Newspaper, Pamphlets,
Advertisement, Community
Meetings, Notice Board, Website),
Other
•

Sustainable Development
initiatives and CSR activities
(ongoing)

•

Gram Sabha and Public Hearing
/ Consultation (For new projects
and expansions)

•

Regular meetings about the
project

•

Cultural, religious, and social
functions with community
members and representatives

•

Needs assessment interactions
for CSR projects.

•

Other community events

•

Membership with industry
associations Regular meetings
with consultants and
professionals

•

Meetings and seminars

•

Partnerships with national and
international NGOs

•

Open channels of
communication to address
grievances

•

Interviews

•

Press coverage of operations.

•

Annual General Meeting,

•
•

communities

Industry
Associations
&
Professionals
NGOs /

No

No

Civil society
organizations

Media

Investors

150

No

No

Frequency of
engagement
(Annually/
Half yearly/
Quarterly
/ others
– please
specify)
Annually

Purpose and scope of
engagement including
key topics and concerns
raised during such
engagement
•

Livelihood
opportunities

•

Basic amenities

•

Rehabilitation and
Resettlement

•

Compensation,
financial, social
and environmental
impact of the
operation on the
community

Annually

•

Business alignment
changes occurring in
the market

Need-based

•

Alignment with the
global goals

•

Commitments
towards ESG goals
like carbon neutrality
and human rights
assessments

•

Impact on the
community

•

Transparency
regarding disclosure
requirements

•

Periodic financial reports to
shareholders and investors

The company’s
performance

•

Interactions with financial
institutions and shareholders.

Sustainable growth
and returns.

•

Risk management

•

Grievance resolution
and other issues

Need-based

Annual

[p.155]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Leadership Indicators
1.

a)

Stakeholder Identification: NMDC has identified 9 key stakeholder groups that impact its business and are
in-turn impacted by the business.

b)

Stakeholder engagement: NMDC developed survey questionnaires for employees and workers to seek
their inputs. FGDs were conducted with other stakeholder groups, including Senior Management and
Board of Directors, to seek their inputs.

c)

Issue Prioritization: Based on the response received from the stakeholder engagement, key material topics
for company were identified.

d)

Issue Management: The senior management and the Board of Directors on the management provided
inputs for key material topics across the value chain.

Whether stakeholder consultation is used to support the identification and management of environmental,
and social topics (Yes / No). If so, provide details of instances as to how the inputs received from
stakeholders on these topics were incorporated into policies and activities of the entity.
Yes. Stakeholder consultation is used to support the identification and management of environmental, and
social topics. From the stakeholder consultation in FY 2023-24, NMDC received input regarding its ESG
communication. To address that, the company has developed an internal ESG communication strategy under
review by the Board of Directors.

3.

The concerns of the local communities identified as vulnerable/marginalized groups were as follows:
Compensation

•

Financial, social, and environmental impact of the operation on the community.

•

Training/upskilling (animal husbandry, tailoring, etc.) to enable community members to be self-employed.

•

Providing basic education as well as medical facilities to the stakeholders residing nearby projects.

•

Facilitate higher education Scholarships to enable more students to afford higher education, and
transportation/bus facilities to nearby towns which has polytechnics.

•

Support in providing clean drinking water.

•

Job creation

The company has conducted need assessments and CSR impact assessments to assess the impact of its
interventions and the needs of the communities.

151

Financial Statements

•

Statutory Reports

Provide details of instances of engagement with, and actions taken to, address the concerns of vulnerable/
marginalized stakeholder groups.

Corporate Overview

2.

Provide the processes for consultation between stakeholders and the Board on economic, environmental,
and social topics or if consultation is delegated, how is feedback from such consultations provided to the
Board.

[p.156]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Principle 5: Businesses should respect and promote human rights
Essential Indicators
NMDC conducts trainings for its employees and workers regularly. However, our systems currently capture the
training data in terms of number of person-days and not in the number of employees or workers. Due to the limitation
of our systems to capture the information in the desired format, we are providing the training figures in terms of
person-days in the table below:
Permanent Employees (Executives)
Category
On Human Rights (total person-days)

FY 2023-24
(Current Financial Year)
86

Permanent Workers (Non- Executives)
Category
On Human Rights (total person-days)

FY 2023-24
(Current Financial Year)
832

Workers (Other than Permanent)
Category
On Human Rights (total person-days)

152

FY 2023-24
(Current Financial Year)
768

[p.157]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

2.

Details of minimum wages paid to employees and workers, in the following format:
FY2023-24
(Current Financial Year)

Category

Total
(A)

Equal to Minimum
Wage
No.
(B)

FY2022-23
(Previous Financial Year)

More than
Minimum Wage

%
(B/A)

No.
(C)

Total (D)

%
(C/A)

Equal
to Minimum Wage

More than
Minimum Wage

No.
(E)

%
(E/D)

No.
(F)

%
(F / D)

Permanent
Male

1,565

0

0

1,565

100%

1,608

0

0

1,608

100%

Female

82

0

0

82

100%

88

0

0

88

100%

Other than Permanent
Male

NA

Female

Corporate Overview

EMPLOYEES

WORKERS
Permanent
3,696

0

0

3,996

100%

3741

0

0

3,741

100%

Female

287

0

0

287

100%

276

0

0

276

100%

Other than Permanent
Male

4,615*

0

0

4,615*

100%

7,308*

0

0

7,308*

100%

Female

694*

0

0

694*

100%

425*

0

0

425*

100%

*Minimum wages + Special Relief for NMDC Production Project (SRNPP)+ Food Coupons
3.

Details of remuneration/salary/wages, in the following format:

Statutory Reports

Male

3.a. Median remuneration / wages:
Male

Female

Median remuneration/
salary/wages of
respective category

Number

Median remuneration/
salary/wages of
respective category

Board of Directors(BoD)
(Only Whole-time Directors)

9

66.50* Lakhs

1

0**

Key Managerial Personnel
(KMP) Other than BoD

1

57.50 Lakhs

0

-

Employees other than BoD and
KMP (Executives)

1,560

38.35 Lakhs

82

33.80 Lakhs

Workers (Permanent)

3,696

25.82 Lakhs

287

12.23 Lakhs

*We have considered four functional directors for the purpose of calculating median remuneration as of 31st March
2024. Further, there were four independent directors as on 31st March 2024 and they were paid only sitting fees
for attending meetings of the Board and Board level committees. No sitting fee is payable to Government Nominee
Directors.
** Being Government Nominee Director, no remuneration was payable

153

Financial Statements

Number

Particulars

[p.158]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

3.b. Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages paid by the entity, in the following format:
FY 2023-24
(Current Financial Year)

FY 2022-23
(Current Financial Year)

6.55%

6.37%

Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages
4.

Do you have a focal point (Individual/ Committee) responsible for addressing human rights impacts or
issues caused or contributed to by the business? (Yes/No)
Yes. Being a Public Sector Enterprise, NMDC follows the Government of India guidelines in this regard. The
Grievance Committee shall oversee and address any issue arising from any human rights impact or issues
caused or contributed to by the business.

5.

Describe the internal mechanisms in place to redress grievances related to human rights issues.
The mechanism prescribed by the Government, namely the “Grievance Procedure” is in force for redressal of
the grievances of the employees. There is a full-fledged Personnel Department at Corporate Level as well as
at Project/Unit Level which are fully equipped to deal with grievances of employees. The SC /ST employees
also approach the Liaison Officers for redressal of their grievances. The SC/ST welfare associations also take
up the issues related to SC/ST employees with the management for its redressal. Besides, as, and when CMD /
Directors of the Company visit the Projects / Units, they invariably hold meetings with the Associations / Unions
for redressal of their grievances, if any.
Besides the above, a link to the CPGRAMS is also provided in NMDC’s website where a grievance can be lodged
by an aggrieved employee. This portal is being monitored by the Head of Corporate Personnel Department of
the Company who is also the Grievance Redressal Officer of the Company.
NMDC supports the Universal Declaration on Human Rights and the United Nations Global Compact. It owes
allegiance to the constitution of India, which resolves to secure to all its citizens justice, liberty, equality, and
fraternity, also encompasses the fundamental human rights as envisioned in the Universal Declaration of
Human rights. It stands committed to protecting human rights in its workplaces and of its subsidiaries. Also, a
separate committee for redressal of grievances of women employees has been constituted.

6.

Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers:
FY 2023-24
(Current Financial Year)
Particulars

FY 2022-23
(Current Financial Year)

Filed during
the year

Pending
resolution at
the end of year

Remarks

Filed
during the
year

Pending
resolution at the
end of year

Remarks

Sexual harassment

Nil

Nil

NA

1

Nil

NA

Discrimination at
workplace

Nil

Nil

NA

Nil

Nil

NA

Child labour

Nil

Nil

NA

Nil

Nil

NA

Forced labour /
Involuntary labour

Nil

Nil

NA

Nil

Nil

NA

Wages

Nil

Nil

NA

Nil

Nil

NA

Other human rights
related issues

Nil

Nil

NA

Nil

Nil

NA

154

[p.159]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

7.

Complaints filed under the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and
Redressal) Act, 2013, in the following format:
FY 2022-23
(Previous Financial
Year)

Total Complaints reported under Sexual Harassment of Women
at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013
(POSH)

Nil

1

Complaints on POSH as a % of female employees / workers

Nil

0.13%

Complaints on POSH upheld

Nil

1

8.

Mechanisms to prevent adverse consequences to the complainant in discrimination and harassment cases.
NMDC has a Board of Directors’ approved Whistle Blower Policy in place. This mechanism provides adequate
safeguards against victimization of Employees who complain about discrimination/harassment etc. The
Guidelines of Department of Public Enterprise (DPE) provides that the role of the Audit Committee, as
constituted by the Board of Directors, includes a review of the functioning of Whistle Blower Mechanism.
Complete confidentiality of the Whistle Blower is maintained. It is ensured that the Whistle Blower /Complainant
is not subjected to victimization of any nature whatsoever. Genuine Whistle Blowers are accorded protection
from any kind of harassment/unfair treatment/victimization. Any other Employee(s) assisting in the said
investigation are also protected to the same extent as the Whistle Blower/Complainant.

NMDC has an Internal Complaints Committee (ICC) under POSH ACT,2013 at all Units/Projects to safeguard and
protect the women Employees from any form of Sexual Harassment and Discrimination in the Workplace.
NMDC has a Grievance Redressal Mechanism headed by a Grievance Redressal Officer at all Units/Projects to
address any Employee Grievance and any kind of Harassment and Discrimination at the Workplace.

Statutory Reports

In case of Employees filing a Vigilance Complaint with the Vigilance Department, the identity of the complainant
is strictly kept confidential. In case, a complaint is received against any superior for any kind of harassment to
the employee, the identity of the complainant is kept confidential, and if required, the superior/complainant may
be transferred to other Units for safeguarding the Complainant.

Corporate Overview

FY 2023-24
(Current Financial
Year)

SC/ST Associations have been constituted by the NMDC Management at all Units/Projects for Welfare and to
prevent any discrimination and harassment of SC/ST category Employees at the Workplace.
9.

Do human rights requirements form part of your business agreements and contracts? (Yes/No)
Yes
Assessments for the year
% Of your plants and offices that were assessed (by
entity or statutory authorities or third parties)

Child labor

80%

Forced/involuntary labor

80%

Sexual harassment

80%

Discrimination at workplace

80%

Wages

80%

Others- Please specify

Nil

Note: Except the Head Office, assessment has covered all the Project sites including Donimalai, Kirandul, Bacheli,
Panna

155

Financial Statements

10.

[p.160]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

11.

Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks/concerns arising
from the assessments at Question 10 above.
No significant risks or concerns were identified in our assessments, so no corrective actions are needed.

Leadership Indicators
1.

Details of a business process being modified / introduced as a result of addressing human rights
grievances/complaints.
As there was no Human Rights issue during the assessment period, there was no requirement to modify the
business process.

2.

Details of the scope and coverage of any Human rights due diligence conducted.
NMDC being a PSU is bound to comply with all the legal requirements of the Government. Therefore, there will
be hardly any chances of violation of Human Rights issues to occur.

3.

Is the premise/office of the entity accessible to differently abled visitors, as per the requirements of the
Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016?
Yes. NMDC has provisioned its premises/office entirely accessible to differently abled visitors. NMDC also has
provision to use dedicated washroom, parking, and ramp for the differently abled. Also, an audible lift facility is
in place at NMDC’s office.

4.

Details on assessment of value chain partners:

% of value chain partners (by value of business
done with such partners) that were assessed
Sexual Harassment
Discrimination at Workplace
Child Labour
Forced Labour/Involuntary Labour

Nil

Wages
Others -Please specify
5.

Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks / concerns arising
from the assessments at Question 4 above.
Not Applicable

156

[p.161]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Principle 6: Businesses should respect and make efforts to protect and restore the environment
Essential Indicators
1.

Details of total energy consumption (in Joules or multiples) and energy intensity, in the following format:
Parameter

ug/m3

FY 2023-24
(Current
Financial Year)

FY 2022-23
(Previous
Financial Year)

From renewable sources
GJ

6,395.37

4,153.72

Total fuel consumption (B)

GJ

-

-

Energy consumption through other sources (C)

GJ

-

-

Total energy consumption from renewable sources (A+B+C)

GJ

6,395.37

4,153.72

Total electricity consumption (D)

GJ

297,404.53

274,366.36

Total fuel consumption (E)

GJ

927,950.97

842,633.54

Energy consumption through other sources (F)

GJ

-

-

Total energy consumed from non-renewable sources (D+E+F)

GJ

1,225,355.50

1,116,999.90

Total energy consumed (A+B+C+D+E+F)

GJ

1,231,750.87

1,121,153.62

From non-renewable sources

GJ/INR
(Cr)

57.84

63.46

Energy intensity per Crore rupee of turnover adjusted for
Purchasing Power Parity (PPP)
(Total energy consumed / Revenue from
operations adjusted for PPP)

GJ/INR
(Cr)

16.85

18.49

Energy intensity in terms of physical output

GJ/Tonne

0.0273

0.0271

2.

Statutory Reports

Energy intensity per Crore rupee turnover
(Total energy consumption / Revenue from operations)

Corporate Overview

Total electricity consumption (A)

Does the entity have any sites / facilities identified as designated consumers (DCs) under the performance,
Achieve and Trade (PAT) Scheme of the Government of India? (Y/N) If yes, disclose whether targets set
under the PAT scheme have been achieved. In case targets have not been achieved, provide the remedial
action taken, if any.

Financial Statements

Not applicable.

157

[p.162]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

3.

Provide details of the following disclosures related to water, in the following format:
Parameter

FY 2023-24
(Current
Financial Year)

FY 2022-23
(Previous
Financial Year)

Water withdrawal by source (in kiloliters)
(i) Surface water

7,939,997

6,982,722.81

(ii) Groundwater

200,009

257,537.5

622

636

(iv) Seawater / desalinated water

0

0

(v) Others

0

0

Total volume of water withdrawal (In kiloliters) (i + ii + iii + iv + v)

8,140,628

7,240,896.31

Total volume of water consumption (In kiloliters)

8,140,628

7,240,896.31

Water intensity per Crore rupee of turnover (KL/Crore Rupee)
(Water consumed / Revenue from operations)

382.30

409.86

Water intensity per Crore rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing
Power Parity (PPP) (KL/ Crore Rupee)
(Total water consumption / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)

111.38

119.41

0.18

0.17

(iii) Third party water

Water intensity in terms of physical output (KL/Tonne)
4.

Provide the following details related to water discharged:
All project sites are equipped with a zero liquid discharge mechanism, and there is no water discharge from
project area. Effluent water is treated in ETPs and STPs available in all projects and reused for Horticultural
purposes. However, 4332 KL water was discharged from the Head Office to municipal water collection facilities.

5.

Has the entity implemented a mechanism for Zero Liquid Discharge? If yes, provide details of its coverage
and implementation.
At the iron ore mining complex of Donimalai and Kirandul, as well as Deposit-10/11A of Bacheli complex, dry
screening operations are currently underway. During this phase, there is no discharge from the screening
plants. However, wet screening operations occur at the Screening Plant of Deposit-5 in the Bacheli complex
during the monsoon season, lasting for approximately 80 to 90 days.
Regarding tailings management, after the ore beneficiation process, the tailings generated from the thickener
are discharged into Tailing Dam for settling. Clear water is then discharged through a decanting pipe and
water is used for dust suppression and gardening purpose. Additionally, a Tailing dam has been constructed
at the Panna Diamond Mining Project to settle kimberlite tailings discharge. After the settling, clear water is
recirculated into the processing plant through Recirculation Pump House (RPH).
To prevent the flow of suspended solids into natural streams during the monsoon season, several check dams
have been strategically built along various nalla courses. Furthermore, effluent treatment plants and sewerage
treatment plants have been established at all mining complexes. Throughout the entire process, NMDC ensures
that no water seepage occurs within any part of the project area. This diligent approach to zero liquid discharge
ensures the integrity of the environmental safeguards implemented in the mining operation.

158

[p.163]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

6.

Please provide details of air emissions (other than GHG emissions) by the entity, in the following format:
Parameter

FY 2023-24
(Current
Financial Year)

Unit

FY 2022-23
(Previous
Financial Year)

NOx

µg/M3

14.03

14.88

SOx

µg/M

3

12.43

12.83

Particulate matter (PM)

µg/M

66.00

68.00

3

-

-

-

Volatile organic compounds (VOC)

-

-

-

Hazardous air pollutants (HAP)

-

-

-

Others–please specify

-

-

-

Note: The values presented in the table above are reported in termo of Concentration.
7.

Provide details of greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions) and its intensity, in the
following format:

MtCO2e

75175.76

62,562.14

MtCO2e

59150

54,111.14

Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity per Crore
rupee of turnover (Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG
emissions / Revenue from operations)

MtCO2e/INR (Cr)

6.31

6.60

Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity per Crore
rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power
Parity (PPP)
(Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions / Revenue
from operations adjusted for PPP)

MtCO2e/INR (Cr)

1.84

1.92

Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity in terms
of physical output

MtCO2e/Tonne

0.0030

0.0028

Total Scope 1 emissions
(Break-up of the GHG into CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs,
SF6, NF3, if available)
Total Scope 2 emissions
(Break-up of the GHG into CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, FCs,
SF6, NF3, if available)

8.

Does the entity have any project related to reducing Green House Gas emission? If yes, then provide details.
At NMDC, we have begun incorporating green power solutions in place of conventional electricity sources.
In line with this commitment, we have installed wind energy power plants totaling 10.5 MW (comprising 7
wind turbines of 1.5 MW each) in Chitradurga, in addition to solar power installations across our project sites.
Currently, we source approximately 1.8 million units from solar power and produce about 18 million units of wind
power.

159

Financial Statements

FY 2022-23
(Previous
Financial Year)

Unit

Statutory Reports

FY 2023-24
(Current
Financial Year)

Parameter

Corporate Overview

Persistent organic pollutants (POP)

[p.164]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

9.

Provide details related to waste management by the entity, in the following format:
Parameter

FY 2023-24
(Current
Financial Year)

FY 2022-23
(Previous
Financial Year)

Total Waste generated (in metric tonnes)
Plastic waste (A)

0

0

E-waste (B)

1.25

2.26

Bio-medical waste (C)

18.84

11.81

Construction and demolition waste (D)

0

0

Battery waste (E)*

-

-

Radioactive waste (F)

-

Other Hazardous waste. Please specify, if any. (G) (Used Oil) (ton)

207

251

Other Non-hazardous waste generated (H). ("Overburden")

10,131,699.4

15,643,817.26

Total (A+B + C + D + E + F + G + H)

10,131,926.49

15,644,082.33

Parameter

FY 2023-24
(Current
Financial Year)

FY 2022-23
(Previous
Financial Year)

Waste intensity per rupee of turnover (Total waste generated / Revenue
from operations) (tonne/crore rupee)

475.81

885.5

Waste intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power
Parity (PPP) (tonne/crore rupee)
(Total waste generated / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)

138.62

258.16

0.23

0.38

Waste intensity in terms of physical output (Tonnes of waste per Tonne of
production)
Waste intensity (optional) – the relevant metric may be selected by the
entity

-

For each category of waste generated, total waste recovered through recycling, re-using or other recovery
operations (in metric tonnes)
Category of waste
(i) Recycled/Re-used

NA

NA

(iii) Other recovery operations

NA

NA

Total

NA

NA

For each category of waste generated, total waste disposed by nature of disposal method (in metric tonnes)
Category of waste
(i) Incineration

3.6

4.917

(ii) Landfilling

NA

NA

(iii) Other disposal operations (Registered Recyclers) Used Oil (ton)

258.89

147.49

Total

262.49

152.41

As the weight could not be estimated, this was excluded for calculation of total waste.

160

[p.165]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

10.

Briefly describe the waste management practices adopted in your establishments. Describe the strategy
adopted by your company to reduce usage of hazardous and toxic chemicals in your products and
processes and the practices adopted to manage such wastes.
We at NMDC are committed to reducing waste in our iron ore mining process. Our process generates waste in
the form of low-grade iron ore which is stored in subgrade stockpiles. As part of our sustainability journey, we
aim to implement the 3 R strategy in earnest. To do that, we are exploring technological solutions to increase
the utilization of low-grade iron. We are undertaking measures to reduce the waste generated and reuse the
by-products. Blending low grade ore is one of the waste reduction and resource conservation strategies.
Blending low grade ore with less than 55% Fe has achieved a 16% success rate.

The hazardous waste generated at our projects includes waste oil, used lubricants, and grease-soaked cotton
cloths used for cleaning HEMMs. As prescribed by the Govt. of India in the Hazardous Waste (Management,
Handling & Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2016, we dispose of hazardous waste through auctions to
authorized vendors. We have installed a 10KLD biomedical waste incinerator at our Bacheli complex. We have
also established organic waste converters for our projects.
11.

If the entity has operations/offices in/around ecologically sensitive areas (such as national parks, wildlife
sanctuaries, biosphere reserves, wetlands, biodiversity hotspots, forests, coastal regulation zones etc.)
where environmental approvals / clearances are required, please specify details in the following format:
Location ofoperations/
offices

Type of operations

Whether the conditions of environmental approval/
clearance are being complied with? (Y/N) If not, the
reasons thereof and corrective action taken, if any.

1

Panna, Madhya Pradesh

Diamond Mining Project

Yes

Details of environmental impact assessments of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws,
in the current financial year:

Name and brief
details of project

Diamond Mining
Project (SML),
Panna.

EC23A0000MP5838710N

Date

22.02.2024

EC23A0000MP5863495N 22.02.2024

Yes

Yes

Relevant web link

Yes

https://www.nmdc.co.in/cmsadmin/Upload/Environment_
Clearances_Document/
ec62728f4eff48ad82555194
ccfff6ed_202402231010324
67.pdf

Yes

https://www.nmdc.co.in/cmsadmin/Upload/Environment_
Clearances_Document/
ac95c554fd3047519aec5987
5a4283b3_202402231015104
29.pdf

161

Financial Statements

Diamond Mining
Project (MML),
Panna.

EIA Notification No.

Whether
Results
conducted
commuby indenicated
pendent
in public
external
domain
agency
(Yes / No)
(Yes/No)

Statutory Reports

Sl.
No.

12.

Corporate Overview

Most of the waste generated during mining is in the form of solid rocks known as overburden. This waste is
dumped in designated waste dumps at each site. This is a traditional form of waste disposal in the mining
sector. To strengthen and stabilize such dumps, various measures such as the provision of Garland drain, Toe
wall and Geo-coir matting have been undertaken.

[p.166]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Name and brief
details of project

Green field
Screening cum
Beneficiation
Plant-II (10
MTPA capacity),
Tailing dam-1,
slime disposal
pipeline, water
pipeline for
Donimalai and
Kumaraswamy
Iron Ore Mines.
Capacity
expansion of
Kumaraswamy
Iron Ore Mine
of NMDC 6.25
MTPA).
13.

EIA Notification No.

EC23B0901KA5795397N

EC23A001KA138525

Date

13.09.2023

10.07.2023

Whether
Results
conducted
commuby indenicated
pendent
in public
external
domain
agency
(Yes / No)
(Yes/No)

Yes

Yes

Relevant web link

Yes

https://www.nmdc.co.in/cmsadmin/Upload/Environment_
Clearances_Document/
925de3e4cb5b4b78b7d5b772
e7640010_20230913162452
514.pdf

Yes

https://www.nmdc.co.in/cmsadmin/Upload/Environment_
Clearances_Document/
449bd634f85c44d184906b
934f4050ff_2023072712035
3326.pdf

Is the entity compliant with the applicable environmental law/ regulations/ guidelines in India, such as the
Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Environment
protection act and rules there under (Y/N). If not, provide details of all such non-compliances, in the
following format:
Yes, NMDC is compliant with the applicable environmental law/ regulations/ guidelines in India, such as the
Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Environment
Protection Act, etc.

162

[p.167]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Leadership Indicators
1.

Water withdrawal, consumption, and discharge in areas of water stress (in kiloliters):
FY 2023-24
(Current
Financial Year)

FY 2022-23
(Previous
Financial Year)

4,793

4,636

622

636

Total volume of water withdrawal (In kiloliters) (i + ii + iii + iv + v)

5,415

4,999

Total volume of water consumption (In kiloliters)

5415

Parameter
Water withdrawal by source (in kiloliters)
Head Office (Hyderabad) – Extremely high level of water stress (>80%)
(ii) Groundwater
(iii) Third-party water
(iv) Seawater / desalinated water
(v) Others

409.86*

Water intensity per Crore rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power
Parity (PPP)
(Total water consumption / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)

111.38*

119.41*

0.18

0.17

-

-

(i) Surface water

4,82,170

4,73,220

(ii) Groundwater

-

-

(iii) Third party water

-

-

(iv) Seawater / desalinated water

-

-

(v) Others

-

-

Total volume of water withdrawal (In kiloliters) (i + ii + iii + iv + v)

4,82,170

4,73,220

Total volume of water consumption (In kiloliters)

4,82,170

4,73,220

Water intensity per Crore rupee of turnover
(Water consumed / Revenue from operations)

382.30*

409.86*

Water intensity per Crore rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power
Parity (PPP)
(Total water consumption / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)

111.38*

119.41*

0.18

0.17

-

-

Water intensity in terms of physical output
Water intensity (optional)- the relevant metric maybe selected by the entity
Panna – Extremely high level of water stress (>80%)

Water intensity in terms of physical output
Water intensity (optional)- the relevant metric maybe selected by the entity

163

Financial Statements

382.30*

Statutory Reports

Water intensity per Crore rupee of turnover
(Water consumed / Revenue from operations)

Corporate Overview

(i) Surface water

[p.168]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

FY 2023-24
(Current
Financial Year)

Parameter

FY 2022-23
(Previous
Financial Year)

Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kilolitres)
Head Office (Hyderabad) - Extremely high level of water stress (>80%)
(i) To Surface water
No Treatment
With treatment – please specify the level of treatment
(ii) To Groundwater
No Treatment
With treatment – please specify the level of treatment
(iii) Seawater / desalinated water
No Treatment
With treatment – please specify the level of treatment
(iv) Sent to third parties

4,332

4,218

No Treatment

4,332

4,218

4,332

4,218

With treatment – please specify the level of treatment
(v) Others
Total volume of water discharged (In kiloliters) (i + ii + iii + iv + v)

The water stress level for the areas is as per WRI Aqueduct (https://www.wri.org/aqueduct/tools)
* The intensity values reported in the table above represent a consolidation of all sites and do not specifically
indicate or infer any particular site.
Note: The water discharge at Head office is calculated as 80% of consumption as per CPCB & NBC guidelines
2.

Please provide details of total Scope 3 emissions & its intensity, in the following format:
Parameter

Unit

FY 2023-24
(Current
Financial Year)

Total Scope 3 emissions
(Break-up of the GHG into CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if
available)

tCO2e

69,532,000

-

3,265.33

-

Total Scope 3 emissions per crore rupee of Turnover
3.

FY 2022-23
(Previous
Financial Year)

With respect to the ecologically sensitive areas reported at Question 11 of Essential Indicators above,
provide details of significant direct & indirect impact of the entity on biodiversity in such areas along-with
prevention and remediation activities.
The Diamond Mining Project in Panna is situated near the Panna Tiger Reserve within the Gangau Wildlife
Sanctuary. Mining operations occur in a single vertical pit with working benches about 120 meters deep.
Controlled blasting and bottom initiation techniques keep vibration and noise levels in check. Environmental
quality parameters (water, air, noise) are regularly monitored and well-maintained.
The Hon’ble Supreme Court, in a detailed judgment on 10.01.2024, permitted NMDC to continue its diamond
mining operations despite general orders. NMDC had prepared a Mine Closure plan up to 2035, and the Court
recognized the national interest in allowing the company to operate scientifically. The Court clarified that the

164

[p.169]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

earlier order restricting mining activities within one kilometer of National Parks/Wildlife Sanctuaries would
not apply to NMDC’s Diamond Mining Project within the Gagau Wildlife Sanctuary, Panna Tiger Reserve. The
National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) and Wildlife Division were consulted, and mitigation measures
were suggested, including prohibiting night-time transport inside the Tiger Reserve. Despite operating for 55
years before Eco Sensitive zone notifications, the mine has not adversely affected tiger populations. NMDC’s
mining area covers only 275.96 hectares, and its positive impact on the local community includes employment
generation and corporate social responsibility activities.
4.

If the entity has undertaken any specific initiatives or used innovative technology or solutions to improve
resource efficiency, or reduce impact due to emissions / effluent discharge / waste generated, please
provide details of the same as well as outcome of such initiatives, as per the following format:
Details of the initiative (Web-link, if any, may be provided alongwith summary)

Outcome of the
initiative

1

Slurry Pipeline
Project

NMDC operates six iron ore deposits in the Bailadila Sector of
Chhattisgarh. To enhance iron ore evacuation, NMDC has taken
up construction of slurry pipeline from Bailadila to Nagarnar at an
estimated cost of ₹ 800 crores. Currently, most iron ore production
from Bailadila relies on the KK Railway line, which has limitations
for transporting over 30 million metric tons per annum (MPTA). To
reduce dependence on railways, NMDC adopted an alternative mode
of evacuation—transporting iron ore fines in slurry form through the
Slurry Pipeline Project. This approach also utilizes iron ore slimes
by converting them into iron ore concentrate. The pipeline is laid
underground, allowing existing activities to resume after completion.
The project benefits the local population by creating employment
opportunities. In the first phase, NMDC envisages laying of 135 km
from Bailadila to Nagarnar, with plans to extend it up to Vizag by
adding an additional 300 km of slurry pipeline.

To reduce the dust
and particulate
emissions during
the transportation
stage of the value
chain.

2

Rooftop Solar
PV cells

NMDC’s projects as well as HO use rooftop solar PV cells as a part of To reduce scope 2
their energy consumption.
emissions.

3

Green Belt
Development

NMDC has proactively developed green spaces by planting trees in
and around its operational zone. This initiative involved community
consensus and guidance from district forest officers.

To serve as a
valuable carbon
sink.

Does the entity have a business continuity and disaster management plan? Give details in 100 words/ web
link.

The weblink is provided here in: https://www.nmdc.co.in/contingency-management-plan
Disclose any significant adverse impact to the environment, arising from the value chain of the entity. What
mitigation or adaptation measures have been taken by the entity in this regard.
Nil
7.

Percentage of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners) that were assessed for
environmental impacts.
In this financial year, no assessments were carried out for value chain partners for environmental impacts.

165

Financial Statements

Yes. NMDC develops project-wise disaster management plans which form part of the project’s risk
management plan. These plans are publicly available on NMDC’s website. The Disaster Management Plan
has been prepared in line with the provision of National Disaster Management Plan-2019 (NDMP-2019) by
incorporating Hon’ble Prime Minister's 10 points agenda on Disaster Risk Reduction with defined responsibilities
of concerned officers.
6.

Statutory Reports

5.

Initiatives
undertaken

Corporate Overview

Sr.
No

[p.170]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Principle 7: Businesses, when engaging in influencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in a manner that
is responsible and transparent
Essential Indicators
1. a. Number of affiliations with trade and industry chambers/ associations.
The number of industry chambers and associations is 13.
b. List the top 10 trade and industry chambers/ associations (determined based on the total members of such
body) the entity is a member of/ affiliated to.
Sl.
No.

2.

Name of the trade and industry chambers/ associations

Reach of trade and industry
chambers/ associations
(State/National)

1

Federation of Indian Minerals Industry, New Delhi (FIMI)

National

2

Federation of Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry, New Delhi

National

3

Skill Council for Mining Sector (SCMS)

National

4

Standing Conference of Public Enterprises, New Delhi

National

5

Mining Engineers Association of India (MEAI)

National

6

Confederation of Indian Industry (CII)

National

7

The Mining, Geological & Metallurgical Institute of India (MGMI)

National

8

Indian Iron and Steel Sector Skill Development Council

National

9

Indian Institute of Mineral Engineers (IIME)

National

10

Federation of Indian Export Organisation, Chennai

National

11

All India Management Association, New Delhi

National

12

The Associated Chambers of Commerce Industry of India

National

13

UN Global Compact

International

Provide details of corrective action taken or underway on any issues related to anti-competitive conduct by
the entity, based on adverse orders from regulatory authorities.
Not Applicable

166

[p.171]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Leadership Indicators
1.

Sl.
No.

Details of public policy positions advocated by the entity:

Public policy advocated

Method resorted for
such advocacy

Whether
information
available
in public
domain?
(Yes/No)

Frequency of
Review by Board
(Annually/ Half
yearly/ Quarterly
/ Others – please
specify)

Web
Link, if
available

No

NA

NA

2.

Comments/Suggestions on the
proposed amendment in Public
Procurement (Preference to Make in
India) Order, 2017

An email was sent to
the relevant ministry
on 30.03.2024

No

NA

NA

3.

Comments/ /Suggestions on the
proposed amendment in Public
Procurement (Preference to Make in
India) Order, 2017

An email was sent to
the relevant ministry
on 30.03.2024

No

NA

NA

4.

Comments on recommendations of
Energy Transition Advisory Committee
(ETAC)

An email was sent to
the relevant ministry
on 08.02.2024

No

NA

NA

5.

Draft Accreditation Procedure and
Eligibility Criteria for Accredited Carbon
Verification Agency and Detailed
Procedure for Compliance Mechanism
under Carbon Credit Trading Scheme
(CCTS)

An email was sent to
the relevant ministry
on 07.02.2024

No

NA

NA

6.

Amendment in Export Policy Condition
of Iron ore and Manganese ore – NMDC
Comments

An email was sent to
the relevant ministry
on 06.02.2024

No

NA

NA

7.

Inter-Ministerial Consultation (IMC)
on the zero draft version of the Air
(Prevention and Control of Pollution)
An email was sent to
(Amendment) Rules, 2024 made
the relevant ministry
under the provisions of Jan Vishwas
on 29.01.2024
(Amendment of Provisions) Act, 2023
- seeking Comments /inputs/suggestion

No

NA

NA

8.

Comments on Draft Report of the
Committee constituted by Ministry
of Mines to suggest alternative
mechanisms for computation of ASP of
Iron Ore in the Country

An email was sent to
the relevant ministry
on 08.01.2024

No

NA

NA

9.

Committee constituted to review the
existing framework of Cost Accounting
Records and Cost Audit and to improve
the usefulness of the Cost Audit
Reports in various sectors of the
economy (17809) – NMDC Comments

An email was sent to
the relevant ministry
on 01.01.2024

No

NA

NA

167

Financial Statements

An email was sent to
the relevant ministry
in March 2024

Statutory Reports

Viksit Bharat Agenda of Govt of India

Corporate Overview

1.

[p.172]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Sl.
No.

Public policy advocated

Method resorted for
such advocacy

Whether
information
available
in public
domain?
(Yes/No)

Frequency of
Review by Board
(Annually/ Half
yearly/ Quarterly
/ Others – please
specify)

Web
Link, if
available

10.

Amendment of the second schedule to
the Mines and Minerals (Development
and Regulation) Act, 1957 to rationalize
the rate of royalty in respect of 12
critical and strategic minerals – NMDC
Comments

An email was sent to
the relevant ministry
on 29.12.2023

No

NA

NA

11.

Draft Note for the Cabinet Committee
regarding Incentive to promote
Underground coal mining in India –
NMDC views

An email was sent to
the relevant ministry
on 28.12.2023

No

NA

NA

12.

Litigation Management Policy Streamlining government litigation –
NMDC Comments

An email was sent to
the relevant ministry
on 13.09.2023

No

NA

NA

13.

Details of policy and guidelines of
CPSE’s to Ministry of Steel

An email was sent to
the relevant ministry
on 10.08.2023

No

NA

NA

14.

Status of Preparation of Process Based
Safety Guidelines for the Steel Industry
– submission to Ministry of Steel

An email was sent to
the relevant ministry
on 31.07.2023

No

NA

NA

At NMDC we actively support a range of public policy initiatives across various domains, which include the
installation of rooftop solar projects under the PM Surya Ghar: Muft Bijli Yojana, promoting solar energy adoption
in government buildings, and implementing smart card systems. Additionally, NMDC endorses the National Steel
Policy-2017, celebrates Indian Organ Donation Day, and participates in Vivad Se Vishwas and International Yoga
Day. We engage with various portals like PRAGATI, NIP, and CIC, and contribute to ICMR projects through CSR.
NMDC also emphasizes healthcare by empaneling hospitals under Ayushman Bharat (ABPM-JAY) and monitoring
infrastructure readiness through the NIRMAN index. Lastly, we utilize platforms like PM GatiShakti Portal, eSamikSha,
and CPGRAM to enhance governance and transparency.
Principle 8: Businesses should promote inclusive growth and equitable development
Essential Indicators
1.

Details of Social Impact Assessments (SIA) of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in
the current financial year.
NMDC have not conducted any Social Impact Assessments in the current financial year.

2.

Provide information on project(s) for which ongoing Rehabilitation and Resettlement (R & R) is being
undertaken by your entity, in the following format:

Name of Project for
which R&R is ongoing

State

District

No. of Project Affected
Families (PAFs)

% of PAFs
covered by R&R

Amounts paid to PAFs
in the FY (In INR)

Nil
3.

Describe the mechanisms to receive and redress grievances of the community.
NMDC being a CPSE has its established grievance submission & redressal mechanism. A complaint box has
been provided at all Project locations where stakeholders can drop in their grievances. In addition to the above,
grievances /complaints can be submitted to the Head of the Projects/Head of the Departments.

4.

Percentage of input material* (inputs to total inputs by value) sourced from suppliers:

168

[p.173]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

FY 2023-24
(Current Financial Year)

FY 2022-23
(Previous Financial Year)

Directly sourced from MSMEs/ small producers

59.05%

77.49%

Directly from within India

100%

100%

* It only covers Raw Materials
5.

Job creation in smaller towns – Disclose wages paid to persons employed (including employees or workers
employed on a permanent or non-permanent / on contract basis) in the following locations, as % of total
wage cost:
FY 2022-23
(Previous Financial Year)

92.7%

92.3%

0

0

Urban

1.3%

1.5%

Metropolitan

6%

6.2%

Rural
Semi-urban

Categorized as per RBI Classification System – rural/ semi-urban / urban / metropolitan)

Corporate Overview

FY 2023-24
(Current Financial Year)

Location

Leadership Indicators
1.

Provide details of actions taken to mitigate any negative social impacts identified in the Social Impact
Assessments (Reference: Question 1 of Essential Indicators above):

2.

Provide the following information on CSR projects undertaken by your entity in designated aspirational
districts as identified by government bodies:
S.
No.

State

1
2

Amount Spent
(in INR Lakhs)

Dantewada

2238
315.52
16.07

4

Bijapur

103.90

5

Narayanpur

30.32

Chhattisgarh

(a) Do you have a preferential procurement policy where you give preference to purchase from suppliers
comprising marginalized /vulnerable groups? (Yes/No)
Yes

(b)

From which marginalized /vulnerable groups do you procure?
SC/ST Category

(c)

What percentage of total procurement (by value) does it constitute?
Total procurement made by value of Rs. 18.34 Crores. i.e., 5.35% during FY 2023-24. This has increased from
procurement made by value of Rs. 16.87 Crores i.e., 5.25% during FY 2022-23.

169

Financial Statements

Bastar
Sukma

3

3.

Aspirational District

Statutory Reports

Not Applicable

[p.174]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

4.

Details of the benefits derived and shared from the intellectual properties owned or acquired by your entity
(in the current financial year), based on traditional knowledge.
Nil

5.

Details of corrective actions taken or underway, based on any adverse order in intellectual property related
disputes wherein usage of traditional knowledge is involved.
Nil
Details of beneficiaries of CSR Projects:

6.
S.
No.

CSR Project

No. of persons
benefitted from
CSR Projects

% of beneficiaries
from vulnerable and
marginalized groups

1

Special medical camp for 8 villages - Bhujanganagara, Ubbalagandi,
Narasingapura, Narayanapura, Navalatti, Akashnagara,
Ranajithpura, Kammathur

21,539

100%

2

Mid-day meal scheme in Ballari District

8,000

100%

3

Installation of High Mast Lighting tower at Taranagar Village

5,520

100%

4

Procurement of material to support education in Koppal

4,500

100%

5

Special medical camps and provision of food, and vehicles in the
Ballari District

2,798

100%

6

Free treatments at Project Hospitals

1,00,000 (Approx)

100%

7

Provision of material to 84 Pargna villages for skill development

21,500

100%

8

Scholarship Scheme for 7 districts of Bastar

12,000

100%

9

Cultural event in Dantewada - Chitrakote Mahotsav

10,000

100%

10

Organizing various cultural events in Barsoor City and the
surrounding district

5,000

100%

11

Free education is provided to the children of nearby villagers of
Panna and aids in the construction of school infrastructure

1,760

100%

12

Providing drinking water, repairing old pipelines in Panna District
villages

2,000

100%

13

Health and hygiene improvement work (aid for sanitation, hospitals,
etc.) around Panna district

2,17,000

100%

14

Providing free bus services from Majhgawan to Panna

6,000

100%

NMDC’s Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) programs extend beyond the mentioned beneficiaries. These
initiatives directly benefit residents of villages and communities through various focus areas, including education,
drinking water, health and hygiene, nutrition, infrastructure development, integrated village development,
environmental conservation, sports, skill development, income generation, cultural preservation, and relief during
natural calamities. NMDC’s infrastructure project initiatives not only directly benefit residents of villages and
communities but also conservatively impact approximately one lakh people living near the development sites and
personnel involved in construction. Moreover, these efforts indirectly enhance the lives of countless others in the
surrounding areas by improving connectivity, providing better access to medical facilities, and creating local markets
for produce.

170

[p.175]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Principle 9: Businesses should engage with and provide value to their consumers in a responsible manner
Essential Indicators
1.

Describe the mechanisms in place to receive and respond to consumer complaints and feedback.

Weblink of Customer Portal: https://darpan.nmdc.co.in/nmdc-crm/
Further, NMDC being a CPSE has its established grievance submission & redressal mechanism. A Complaint
box has been provided at all Project locations where stakeholders can drop in their grievances. In addition to
the above, grievances /complaints can be submitted to the Chief Vigilance Officer (CVO)
Complaint can be lodged through:
a)

“Complaint Form” link available on the vigilance tab of NMDC Website www.nmdc.co.in

b)

Addressing a letter directly to CVO on the postal address below:

2.

Turnover of products and / services as a percentage of turnover from all products/services that carry
information about:
As a percentage to total turnover

Environmental and social parameters relevant to the product

0%

Safe and responsible usage

0%

Recycling and/or safe disposal

0%

3.

Statutory Reports

Chief Vigilance Officer NMDC Limited, Khanij Bhavan, 10-3-311/A, Castle Hills, Masab Tank, Hyderabad500028, INDIA.

Corporate Overview

At NMDC, we have established effective mechanisms to receive and respond to consumer complaints and
feedback. Our customer portal, known as DARPAN, serves as a dedicated platform for stakeholders to provide
input related to quality, quantity, and other aspects of their transactions. Through DARPAN, customers can
share their experiences, raise concerns, and offer suggestions. Our commitment to transparency ensures that
all feedback is treated confidentially and acted upon promptly. Whether it’s addressing product issues, service
inquiries, or process improvements, NMDC values the insights provided by our customers. We continuously
monitor DARPAN submissions, analyze trends, and implement necessary changes to enhance customer
satisfaction. By actively engaging with our stakeholders, we strive to maintain a customer-centric approach and
deliver exceptional experiences.

Number of consumer complaints in respect of the following:

Received
during the
year

Pending
resolution
at end of
year

Data Privacy

Nil

Advertising

FY 2022-23
(Previous Financial Year)
Received
during the
year

Pending
resolution
at end of
year

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Cyber security

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Delivery of essential services

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Restrictive Trade Practices

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Unfair Trade Practices

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Other- (Loans and advances,
Staff Behaviour etc.)

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Remarks

Remarks

171

Financial Statements

FY 2023-24
(Current Financial Year)

[p.176]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

4.

Details of instances of product recalls on accounts of safety issues
Number

Reasons for recall

Voluntary recalls

Nil

Nil

Forced recalls

Nil

Nil

5.

Does the entity have a framework/ policy on cyber security and risks related to data privacy? (Yes/No) If
available, provide a web link of the policy.
NMDC is in process of forming the policy on Cyber Security. We are taking up various measures to secure the
IT infrastructure. Third party consultant has been engaged to conduct Vulnerability Assessment & Penetration
Testing (VAPT) of the entire IT infrastructure on a regular basis. Remedial measures are taken up based on their
recommendations.

6.

Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway on issues relating to advertising, and delivery
of essential services; cyber security and data privacy of customers; re-occurrence of instances of product
recalls; penalty/action taken by regulatory authorities on safety of products/services.
Not Applicable

7.

Provide the following information relating to data breaches:
a.

Number of instances of data breaches- Nil

b.

Percentage of data breaches involving personally identifiable information of customers- Nil

c.

Impact, if any, of the data breaches- Nil

Leadership Indicators
1.

Channels / platforms where information on products and services of the entity can be accessed (provide
web link, if available).
NMDC serves B2G, B2B and B2C customers meeting their resource requirements across the value chain. All the
information regarding the products could be accessed through the official website of NMDC Limited.
https://www.nmdc.co.in/important-links/product-specifications

2.

Steps taken to inform and educate consumers about safe and responsible usage of products and/or
services
Not Applicable

3.

Mechanisms in place to inform consumers of any risk of disruption/discontinuation of essential services.
Not Applicable

4.

Does the entity display product information on the product over and above what is mandated as per local
laws? (Yes/No/Not Applicable) If yes, provide details in brief. Did your entity carry out any survey with
regard to consumer satisfaction relating to the major products / services of the entity, significant locations
of operation of the entity or the entity as a whole? (Yes/No)
Not Applicable as NMDC does not host any customer’s personal information or provide e-service.

172

[p.177]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Annexure - V

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

173

[p.178]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

174

[p.179]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

175

[p.180]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

176

[p.181]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

177

[p.182]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

178

[p.183]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Annexure - VI

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

179

[p.184]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

180

[p.185]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Principle 1: Business should support and respect the
protection of internationally proclaimed human rights.
Commitment

Systems
Though there is no specific provision as such for human
rights in the Manual on Personnel Management of the
company, the sub-stratum of the Manual ensures that
its employees enjoy the fundamental human rights.
NMDC has, in its management system, provisions for
health, safety, housing and education. comprehensively
covering all these aspects, NMDC has appropriate
systems in place.
Actions

•

Housing
•

NMDC provides accommodation for its employees
and their families on nominal rent.

•

NMDC provides house building advances for
its employees to build their own houses at such
locations in India as suitable to them.

Education
NMDC trains its employees regularly to update
themselves, professionally, managerially and
technically.

•

NMDC encourages its employees to better their
educational and professional qualification by giving
suitable incentives, study leave, etc.

•

NMDC takes care of the school education of
the employees’ children in its projects and gives
incentives and scholarships for their higher
education. As its projects are located in remote
areas, NMDC has arranged for quality schooling
facilities at the projects itself.

NMDC gives full and free medical care to its
employees and the eligible members of their
families.

•

Under the NMDC Contributory Scheme for postretirement medical facilities, the retired employees,
their spouses, dependent parents and dependent
children as per eligibility, get medical care for a
nominal life-time membership.

•

The schooling facilities available at the project
are extended to the children of the surrounding
villages as well.

Safety
•

•

Sufficient number of workmen inspectors are
nominated/appointed for mining operations,
mechanical installations and electrical installations
in terms of the statutory requirement

•

Occupational Health Centers have been provided
in the projects.

•

Doctors have been given specialized training in
occupational health.

•

Periodical medical examinations of employees are
done in accordance with the prescribed schedule.

•

Safety appliances such as safety shoes, helmets,

•

NMDC is providing complete health care to its
employees and the members of their families.

•

The injury frequency rate was 0.23.

•

Housing has been extended to all its employees.
In addition, house building advances were given to
24 employees (cumulatively to 2344 employees)

•

Training coverage is 152.30% of employees.
Training mandays as % of working mandays is 12%.

•

Basic education has been extended to 100% of the
employees’ children.

•

Recognizing the meritorious service rendered
by the employees, NMDC has awarded suitable
mementos to (a) 99 employees (cumulatively
8323) who have rendered 20 years’ service; (b) 83
employees (cumulatively 7293) who have rendered
25 years’ service; (c) 113 employees (cumulatively
6425) who have rendered 30 years’ service (d) 55
employees (cumulatively 2357) who have rendered
35 years’ service by organizing suitable function.

•

145 employees (cumulatively 5935) who retired
from the Company were given service certificates
and suitable mementos during farewell parties,
specially arranged in their honour, in appreciation

181

Financial Statements

Being basically a mining organization, NMDC
attaches great importance for safety of the
employees. In its mining projects, NMDC has
its own Training centres equipped with the
infrastructure as required under the Mines
Vocational Training Rules. These centres cater to
the needs of basic training, refresher training, and
training for skill trades and also for those injured
on duty.

Performance during the year 2023-2024

Statutory Reports

•

Health
•

Safety committee meetings are conducted every
month, accident analysis is discussed and remedial
measures implemented.

Corporate Overview

Being a company registered in India, NMDC owes
allegiance to the Constitution of India, which resolves
to secure to all its citizens justice, liberty, equality and
fraternity and which also encompasses the fundamental
human rights as envisioned in the Universal Declaration
of Human Rights. NMDC stands committed to support
and respect the protection of internationally proclaimed
human rights.

rain suits, goggles, etc, are provided to employees
periodically.

[p.186]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

of their service to NMDC. 82 employees
(cumulatively 2821) who retired after putting in 30
years’ service in Government/ PSUs were awarded
special mementos.

independent apex body called All-India NMDC
Workers’ Federation (AINMDCWF) All these Unions
have been given assistance by the Management as
considered necessary for their functioning.

Principle 2: Business should ensure that they are not
complicit in human rights abuses.

The details of such affiliated Unions, unit-wise, are
given below:

Commitment

a

Being a Government of India company, NMDC owes
allegiance to the Constitution of India, which resolves
to secure to all its citizens justice, liberty, equality and
fraternity and which also supports the fundamental
human rights as envisioned in the Universal Declaration
of Human Rights. NMDC stands committed to protecting
human rights in its workplaces.
Systems
•

NMDC, being a Government company, has come to
inherit the Government regulations and, therefore,
protecting human rights and ensuring that it is
not complicit in human rights abuses, is a natural
extension to all its policies and programmes.

•

The security arrangement in the mines of the
company is given to the Central Industrial Security
Force (a Government arm), who owes equal
allegiance to the Constitution of India and is duty
bound to protect human rights.

•

A Grievance Redressal procedure is in vogue.

•

A separate Committee for redressal of grievances
of women employees in particular has been
constituted.

•

NMDC has recognized Scheduled Caste/
Scheduled Tribe Associations in each of its units
and corporate office.

Actions & Performance during the year 2023-2024

b

c

d

Commitment
NMDC stands committed to the protection of freedom
of association among its employees and business
partners.
Systems
NMDC has three layers of employees: workmen,
supervisors and executives.
1.

Workmen, who are mostly location specific,
have their own Unions. More than one Union are
functioning in each of the main units. Besides
their affiliations to national bodies, cutting across
such affiliations to central organizations, majority
of the Unions at project level have formed an

182

i

Samyuktha Khadan Mazdoor Sangh (SKMS)
affiliated to All India Trade Union Congress
(AITUC).

ii

Metal Mine Works Union (MMWU) affiliated
to Indian National Trade Union Congress
(INTUC)

Bailadila Iron Ore Mine, Bacheli Complex
i

Samyuktha Khadan Mazdoor Sangh (SKMS)
affiliated to AITUC

ii.

Metal Mine Workers Union (MMWU) affiliated
to INTUC

Donimalai Iron Ore Mine
i.

Donimalai Iron Ore Project Employees
Association (DIOPEA) affiliated to AITUC

ii

Metal Mine Workers Union (MMWU) affiliated
to INTUC

Diamond Mining Project.
i

Panna Hira Khadan Mazdoor Sangh (PHKMS)
affiliated to BMS

ii

Madhya Pradesh Rashtriya Heera Khani
Mazdoor Sangh (MPRHKMS) affiliated to
INTUC

2.

NMDC is totally committed to workers’
participation in the management. In pursuit of
such commitment, Committees/Councils, both
statutory and non-statutory, are functioning at
the shop level, project level and at corporate
level with equal number of representatives of the
management and the Unions.

3.

Supervisors and Executives have their own
associations at unit level and at the corporate
office.

No case of human rights violation has been reported
during the year.
Principle 3: Business should uphold the freedom of
association and the effective recognition of the right
to collective bargaining.

Bailadila Iron Ore Mine, Kirandul Complex

Actions
Decisions related to workmen such as wage settlement,
incentives, bonus, line of promotion, working conditions,
welfare measures, etc are taken in consultation with the
representatives of unions/ Associations, both at the unit
level and at the corporate level.
Performance during the year 2023-2024
•

All the workmen are subject to collective
bargaining agreements and the supervisors
and executives are governed by understanding/
consultations.

[p.187]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

No man days were lost during the year because of
rift or strike by employees due to the effectiveness
of Collective Bargaining.

•

Age verification is done with reference to approved
documents in accordance with the practices
prescribed by the Government of India.

•

The unanimous decisions taken at the Joint
Committees are implemented and monitored.

•

All employees are paid much above the minimum
wages prescribed from time to time. Free and
complete health care is given to all the employees
and the members of their families. Free schooling
facilities are provided at projects. Scholarships and
hostel accommodation allowance, etc, are given
for children’s higher education.

•

Skill development programme has been launched
for training and increasing the employability
of local qualified youth of adjoining villages of
Bailadila projects by providing monetary and other
assistance.

Principle 4: Business should support the elimination of
all forms of forced and compulsory labour.
Commitment
NMDC stands committed not to resort to any form of
forced and compulsory labour.
Systems
•

No employee is required to deposit any sum of
money for employment in NMDC.

•

A service bond is insisted upon from only such of
those employees who have been posted abroad.
The bond period is for two years or a nominal
amount of Rs.2,00,000/-

•

Any employee joining the company should declare
that he or she is not insolvent.

Actions
All contractors are forbidden to engage child
labour.

•

Government enforcement agencies like Inspectors
from Labour Department inspect the sites of
construction to check for employment of child
labour. Those found guilty are liable for punitive
action by the Government.

•

Records of the labourers engaged by the
contractors are kept at worksites.

Actions
•

Appointment orders issued by the company very
specifically state the various important conditions
of appointment.

•

Service Regulations and other rules are distributed
to all Units for reference and use by every
employee.

•

The workmen in particular are given a copy of the
certified Standing Orders precisely containing their
general terms and conditions governing service
conditions.
The Various Manuals are is available in the Intranet
site for reference.

•

Employees are given incentives for achieving
higher levels of output.

•

Workmen have the additional facility of overtime payment for working beyond the prescribed
working hours.

Performance during the year 2023-2024
No form of forced or compulsory labour was resorted to.
Principle 5: Business should support the effective
abolition of child labour.
Commitment
NMDC stands committed not to engage any child labour
and do all that it can to abolish it from its surroundings.
Systems
•

For appointment in the company, the minimum age
prescribed and scrupulously followed is 18 years.

•

No child labour was employed by NMDC.

•

No child labour was allowed to be employed by the
contractors working for NMDC.

•

NMDC does not promote trade with organizations
engaging child labour.

Principle 6: Business should support the elimination
of discrimination in respect of employment and
occupation.
Commitment
NMDC, by itself and as a Government company, stands
committed to follow the policy of non-discrimination
in all matters – recruitment, employment opportunity,
promotion, etc.
Systems
•

The Constitution of India, under Article 15,
unambiguously prohibits discrimination on grounds
of religion, race, caste, sex or place of birth.

•

As a Government company, NMDC is bound to
follow the Government directives, which are
abundantly clear against any discrimination in any
matters.

•

As a measure of protecting and improving the
conditions of the downtrodden, special provisions
have been made in terms of the Government
directives in respect of candidates belonging to

183

Financial Statements

•

Performance during the year 2023-2024

Statutory Reports

•

Corporate Overview

•

[p.188]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

•

Scheduled Caste, Scheduled Tribe and Backward
class, both in recruitment and promotion.

foundation for continuous improvement in environmental
performance.

NMDC Recruitment and Promotion Rules provide
for qualifications, skill and experience required
for candidates for recruitment and promotion at
various levels.

Sustainable Development Policy

•

The grievance procedure in the company is
designed in a very simple and easy to handle way
for the employees to get grievances, if any, to be
resolved quickly.

•

Unions and Associations representing the
various levels of employees have easy access
to the management to discuss and resolve
discriminations, if any, quickly and effectively.

Actions
•

The company periodically assesses and evaluates
job contents and job requirements.

1.

We, at NMDC, aim at being responsible miners
with commitment to sustainable development in
all our locations. We ensure that the sustainable
development ethos are considered and integrated
in all our decision-making processes and business
planning.

2.

We believe that market competitiveness on a long
run can be achieved only by adopting the best
practices of health, safety and environmental
management, community management and
actively engaging our stakeholders in addition to
the economic performance of the organization.

3.

We comply in full with the laws and regulations
where we operate. We aspire to be a benchmark
by adopting international standards in the field of
Sustainable Development towards adhering the
ESG principles.

4.

NMDC Sustainability Policy is integrated with
Environmental Policy, Occupational Health and
Safety Policy, Corporate Social Responsibility
Policy and together they provide the broad
framework for driving business in a responsible
manner.

Performance during 2023-2024
No discrimination was resorted to in respect of
employment and occupation.
The Government directives against discrimination were
adhered to in all matters.
The special provisions in respect of candidates
belonging to Scheduled Castes, Scheduled Tribes and
Backward classes made by the Government by way of
Directives have been adhered to.

System:

•

Total number of employees

5630

In order to ensure pollution-free environment, NMDC
has built the following programmes into the day-to-day
working of the mines:

•

Scheduled Caste employees

814 (14.46%)

•

•

Scheduled Tribe employees

1469 (26.09%)

•

Backward Class employees

1186 (21.06%)

Environmental norms as laid down by the Ministry
of Environment, Forests & Climate Change and the
State and the Central Pollution Control Boards are
meticulously followed.

•

Men : Women ratio

14.25:1

•

Regular physical monitoring is conducted for all
environmental parameters like micro-meteorology,
ambient air quality, surface and ground water
quality and ground water levels, work zone and
ambient noise levels and soil quality through
recognised environmental laboratories of
MoEF&CC / CPCB. The results are submitted to
MOEF&CC on half yearly basis.

•

Detailed Bio-diversity conservation studies, Energy
audits, Water audit, SMI audit, etc are conducted
and implemented.

•

ESG studies are also conducted for the production
projects with respective GHG emissions inventory
studies, disclose the emissions under CDP.

•

ICFRE recommendations of reclamation and
rehabilitation measures for water management
and engineering measures are implemented in the
projects through State Forest Departments.

•

Environment up-gradation works being continued
like afforestation at project sites, participating in

As on 31st March, 2024 the manpower position was:

Principle 7: Business should support a pre-cautionary
approach to environmental challenges.
Commitment
As a responsible corporate citizen, NMDC Ltd
believes in maintaining environmental protection and
ecological balance. NMDC is committed to ensure that
its environmental systems and practices are aligned
with international best practices such as the ISO:
14001-Environmental Management System standard.
All major production projects of NMDC i.e Bailadila
Deposit-5 ML, Depsoit-10ML, Deposit-14 & 14 NMZ ML
and Deposit-11 ML, Donimalai and Kumaraswamy Iron
Ore Projects and Diamond Mining Project, Majhgawan,
Panna have accreditation with Integrated Management
System including SA-8000. This standard enables
NMDC to manage its environmental impacts while
adhering to the requirements not only of the standard
itself but also to those of national and international
norms, legislation, and regulations. It also forms the

184

[p.189]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

C.G. Hariyar programme, reclamation of waste rock
dumps.
•

Disaster Management Plans for the tailing dams
at the projects. Industrial Risk insurance for tailing
dams constructed at NMDC projects.

•

Protection measures for explosives’ magazines
at the projects. Public Liability Insurance towards
handling explosives and other hazardous material.

Actions

•

A separate department for environment
management, headed by a Dy. General Manager
has been positioned and interim report head of
the project to extensively monitor and effectively
implement environment management programmes.
Qualified and experienced Environment Scientists/
Engineers are working in all projects.
Expert organizations in the area are being engaged
to measure and report periodically the various
parameters.

Monitor all environmental parameters such
as PM10, PM2.5, SO2, NOx, CO, Fugitive dust
emissions in ambient air, water quality as per IS
standards, discharge water from auto shops and
service centres, tailing dam discharge water etc.,
on regular basis following the statutory acts and
their amendments of the Gol.

¾

Continuous Ambient Air Quality Monitoring
Stations (CAAQMS) have been installed at mines.
The real time results are recorded.

¾

Regular monitoring of ground water levels and
quality by engaging laboratories of repute.

¾

Preparation and timely submission of Half yearly
compliance reports to MOEF, GOI Regional
offices and annual environmental audit reports to
respective state pollution control boards.

¾

Creating environment awareness amongst
all the employees and their children and the
local population through celebration of Mines
Environment & Mineral Conservation (MEMC) week
under the aegis of Indian Bureau of Mines & World
Environment Day celebrations.

¾

Basic and refresher Training of employees for
environmental consciousness by conducting
regular classes under mines Vocational Training
Rules.

¾

Undertake of peripheral village community
development works like improving roads,
constructing school buildings, community halls,
distributing books and stationery, extending
schooling and medical facilities available in the
project townships to the local people including
adivasis / local tribes as well.

Pollution Control Measures Covered
¾

Judicious and scientific planning of excavation,
waste rock / waste dumping and infrastructure
areas.

¾

Restricting use of forestlands to the barest
minimum level.

¾

Constructing ameliorative measures like buttress
walls, check dams, digging contour trenches,
biological reclamation of waste rock dumps, etc. to
minimize land erosion. Various soil bio-engineering
and dump stabilisation measures, terrace dumping,
geo-coir matting is being taken up to turbid free
surface run off into the neighbouring forest and
water bodies.
Effluent Treatment Plant for treating effluents from
service centres, Sewage Treatment Plant, Auto
shops, etc to avoid water pollution.

¾

Providing safe drinking water to the township
dwellers and extending drinking water supply to
population of neighbouring villages.

¾

Sewage Treatment Plants with SBR technology
have been constructed at Bacheli and Donimalai
and at Kirandul for treatment of township domestic
wastewater.

¾

Distribution of piped potable water supply to 32
villages under Dantewada District through the
water supply schemes of Dhurli and Nerli Jal
Pradaya Yojana.

¾

Regular water sprinkling and grading of haul roads,
scientific and massive afforestation for abating air
pollution.

¾

Obtaining consents for establishment and
operation of mines / plants from the respective
state pollution control boards.

¾

Create green belts, densify open scrublands,
good arboriculture, and follow avenue plantation
practices for improving the overall environment as
well as aesthetic value.

¾

Obtaining environmental clearances for the brown
and green field projects from Central Govt.

¾

Obtaining forestland clearances for renewal / fresh
grant of mining leases and infrastructure facilities.

¾

Massive afforestation drive through social forestry
division of the local forest department.

¾

Scientific stabilization of all the passive waste rock
dumps and mined out areas by means of geotextiles.

¾

Importance of value index of the region is
envisaged and also to eradicate effects of visual
intrusion by proper landscaping.

¾

Regular maintenance of Heavy Earth Moving
Machineries and OCSL Plant equipment and
adopting good housekeeping practices there by

185

Financial Statements

¾

Statutory Reports

¾

Corporate Overview

•

reducing noise pollution.

[p.190]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Performance / Achievements during the year 2023-24
Sl. No
A.

Date of Achievement

Location

Environmental Clearance

1.

10/7/2023

Kumaraswamy Iron Ore
Mine

2.

13/9/2023

Screening cum
Beneficiation plant (SP-II)
Donimalai

3.

22/2/2024

Diamond mining project,
panna (SML &MML)

4.

21.8.2023

Bailadila Deposit-4

B.

20/11/2023

C.

Forest clearance

1.

10/7/2023

2.

21/11/2023

EC obtained for cap. Expansion obtained on
10/7/23 from 7 to 10 MTPA.

•

EC obtained for SP-II (10MTPA) on 13.09.2023.

•

EC obtained for total excavation of 13.90LTPA
Main Mine Lease & 0.72LTPA and processing of
Kimberley Ore 8LTPA Supplementary Mine Lease
(for production of 1Lakhs carats per annum) on
22.02.2024.

•

Member Secretary, CECB, Raipur forwarded the
public hearing recommendations to MOEFCC,
Delhi on 21.8.2023 .

Screening cum Mineral
Beneficiation & associated •
facilities (SP-III)

Diversion of 53.67 Ha of
forest land for Screening
cum Beneficiation plant,
Donimalai

EC obtained on 20.11.2023 from SEIAA.

•

Final FC obtained on 10.7.2023 from MOEFCC,
GOI.

•

Government Order issued by FEE, Bangalore on
18/7/2023

•

FC agreement between NMDC and DCF on
6/9/2023

•

Registration of FC agreement at Sandur on
23/9/2023

Regularization of 96.868
•
Ha already diverted forest
land

Stage-I FC Obtained from MoEFCC on 21.11.2023.

Bio-Diversity Conservation Plan

1.
E.

•

Validity extension of EC

1.

D.

Description of achievement

21/8/2023

Bailadila Iron Ore,
deposit-4

•

Member Secretary, Chhattisgarh State
Biodiversity Board, Naya Raipur approved the
Bio-Diversity Conservation Plan with a budget of
Rs.31.07 Cr.

•

PCCF (Wildlife) / Chief Wildlife Warden, Raipur
approved the Wildlife Conservation Plan on
25/09/2023 with a financial outlay of Rs.1931.732
Lakhs.

Wildlife Conservation Plan

1.

186

25/9/2023

Bailadila Iron Ore,
deposit-4

[p.191]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Sl. No
F.

1.

1.
H.
1.

Description of achievement

Land acquisition for construction of infrastructure outside mining lease

24/8/2023

•

District Collector, South Bastar Dantewada
District, CG has issued a preliminary notification
under section 11 of the LARR Act 2013 for land
acquisition of 11.265 Ha in Gran Bhansi and 4.40
Ha in Gram Porakameli.

•

The preliminary notification under section 11 of
the LARR Act 2013 dated 24/8/2023 has been
published in the State Gazette.

•

Tree cutting permission for 12.96 Ha plant area
for felling of 7984 trees.

•

Remaining 40.71 ha tailing dam area tree
enumeration completed

•

Obtained CCR from IRO, MOEFCC, Raipur.

•

2nd time Temporary Working Permission obtained
from GoK for a period of 6 months.

Bailadila Iron Ore,
deposit-4

Tree cutting permission
02.11.2023

Screening cum
Beneficiation plant
(12.96Ha)

Certified Environmental Compliance Report
2/5/2023.

Capacity expansion of
Bailadila Deposit-14 and
14 NMZ MLs

Working Permission

1.

19/9/2023

TWP for 16.50 Ha Forest
land outside ML area of
KIOM

2.

23/9/2023

Screening cum
Beneficiation plant

•

Working permission for 75.92 Ha (handing over)
by DCF, Ballari to NMDC.

Screening cum
Beneficiation plant,

•

CTE obtained from Karnataka State Pollution
Control Board, Bangalore

•

CTO obtained from MP State Pollution Control
Board, Bhopal

•

Fabrication & supply of 01 no.s ready built Mobile
Environmental Laboratory (MEL) for handing over
to CECB for the total cost of Rs. 425.33 Lakhs.

•

Successfully completed PH at Bhansi village on
12.9.2023.

•

Successfully completed PH at Kirandul on
1.3.2024.

J.
1.
K.

L.

Consent to Establish
19/10/2023
Consent to Operate
5.10.2023

DMP, Panna

Mobile Environment Laboratory

1.

2/11/2023

M.

Public Hearing

State of Art Tailor made
MEL

1.

Bailadila Deposit-4

Public Hearing

2.

Bailadila Deposit14&14NMZ

Public Hearing

187

Financial Statements

1.

Statutory Reports

I.

Location

Corporate Overview

G.

Date of Achievement

[p.192]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Principle 8: Business should undertake initiatives to
promote greater environmental responsibility.
Commitment
NMDC stands committed to promoting greater
environmental responsibility in mining and processing
of minerals in its mines for sustainable development.
NMDC’s Sustainable Development Policy states, we shall
therefore endeavour to:
1.

2.

3.

4.

We, at NMDC, aim at being responsible miners
with commitment to sustainable development in
all our locations. We ensure that the sustainable
development ethos is considered and integrated
in all our decision-making processes and business
planning.
We believe that market competitiveness on a long
run can be achieved only by adopting the best
practices of health, safety and environmental
management, community management, and
actively engaging our stakeholders in addition to
the economic performance of the organization.
We comply in full with the laws and regulations
where we operate. We aspire to be a benchmark
by adopting international standards in the field of
Sustainable Development.
NMDC Sustainability Policy is integrated with
Environmental Policy, Occupational Health and
Safety Policy, Community Development Policy and
together they provide the broad framework for
driving business in a responsible manner.

Systems
•

Environmental aspects are carefully considered
and appropriately incorporated at the planning
stage of a project itself.

•

Training programmes are arranged for employees
on environmental awareness.

than 30 microns per cu.m and carbon monoxide
were observed which is below the detectable limit.
•

About 23 to 25% of the annual consumption of
different lubricants in NMDC mines was disposed
to agencies duly authorized for recycling as per
HWM Rules and its amendments issued by the
Ministry of Environment and Forests, Government
of India.

Principle 9: Business should encourage the
development and diffusion of environmentally friendly
technologies.
Commitment
NMDC stands committed to encouraging the
development and diffusion of environment-friendly
technologies, NMDC’s Environmental Policy states:
•

Prevent and control environmental pollution due to
mining and associated activities by adopting safe,
scientific and environmentally friendly methods of
mining and mineral processing for applicable legal
requirements like forest, environmental and other
statutory clearances.

•

Maintain the machineries in excellent condition
to ensure minimum impact of their operation on
environment.

Systems/Actions
•

Dust collectors are provided to the drills to control
fugitive emissions at source. Automatic mist spray
systems at primary crushing plant.

•

Wet drilling is adopted to mitigate the effect of
dust on the work force.

•

Main mine haul roads are regularly graded and
water mixed with additives is sprinkled to suppress
dust.

•

Jet sprinklers are provided at all strategic and
transverse points to control dust during crushing
and transportation of ore at the plant.

•

Closed conveyor belt system is provided to
control dust generation and spreading during ore
transportation.
Rubber screens and rubber linings are provided
at transfer points and along conveyor system to
control noise and dust generation.

Actions
•

NMDC has implemented IMS covering ISO 14001:
EMS, 9001 and OSHAS 180001 and SA-8000 in its
major production mines.

•

Water used for washing of ore is reclaimed for reuse.

•

•

The electricity generated in the downhill conveyors
is fed back into the grid, thereby reducing the
draw of electricity from the main grid at its projects
in Bailadila and Donimalai.

Sustainable Development Performance

•

•

Under S.D. programme, construction of Sewage
Treatment Plant with SBR technology at Bacheli,
Kirandul and Donimalai for treatment of domestic
effluents. Sewage treatment plant constructed at
Panna with activated sludge process for treatment
of domestic effluents.

•

NMDC has planted more than 3 million trees in
and around its mining leases in Bailadila region in
Chhattisgarh State.

Copies of the Environmental Policy Distributed/
displayed printed of the company among its
employees and local communities.

Performance during the year 2023-24
•

As against the permissible limit of 80 microns per
cu m of SO2 and Nox in ambient air, the values
actually encountered at NMDC’s mines were less

188

[p.193]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

•

•

Every year the Company is undertaking
environmental pollution control work such as desilting of check dams / check bunds, tailing dams,
construction of buttress walls at toe of waste
dumps and geo-coir matting on waste rock dumps
for stabilization of dumps.

•

The Vigilance Dept. at the Corporate Office is
headed by Chief Vigilance Officer and assisted by
Vigilance Officers drawn from various branches.
Vigilance officers have been deputed at all NMDC
production projects, NISP and Corporate office.

•

The Chief Vigilance Officer has the equal status
of Functional Director of the Company. He
is appointed by the Government of India on
deputation.

•

Vigilance Studies are monitored by the Vigilance
Officers under the guidance of CVO.

•

Surprise, regular checks, CTE type inspections,
complaint handling and other major vigilance
investigations are carried out based on the
veracity of source information.

•

All the executives of the Corporation have to
submit Annual Property Returns every year as on
31 December.

•

Continuously following up for updating/reviewing
of Manuals.

Actions
Various Studies were carried out by vigilance
officers at different locations/area. The
reports received were discussed in detail and
improvements in systems / procedures were
suggested wherever required.

•

Surprise and regular checks were carried out in
every quarter during the year. The deficiencies
and deviations wherever noticed were brought to
the knowledge of the Management for corrective
action.

•

Pending disciplinary/ CTE/CBI cases were
reviewed in the quarterly meetings of VOs held at
Head Office, and follow-up actions were taken for
timely completion of inquiries.

•

Vigilance Awareness week 2023 was observed
in the Corporate Office and all units of NMDC.
Various competitions, seminars, workshops and
lecture programmes were arranged to create
awareness of Vigilance amongst the employees
during the week.

SMI audit was done by FIMI at all Iron Ore Mining
projects of NMDC and recommendation are being
implemented to obtain 5-star rating for all mines.

•

Various Training Programmes at Induction/Midcareer level were conducted for Employees /
Executives Trainees on preventive vigilance.

Principle 10: Business should work against corruption
in all its forms, including extortion and bribery.

•

System for lodging of online complaints and
submission of Annual Property Returns through
online mode by all the executives is in place.

•

The Vigilance Department recommends for
rotation of staff posted in sensitive posts in order
to ensure that no vested interests are developed.

•

•

•

•

In order to gainfully utilize slimes (low grade
rejects), beneficiation & Pellet plant has been set
up in Karnataka at the mine site . Larger scale
similar plant is being set up in Bailadila sector
also along with 15 MTPA slurry pipeline, which is a
green field project and a cost-effective way of iron
ore transportation.
NMDC engaged Visveswaraya National Institute of
Technology (VNIT), Nagpur for conducting a study
on ‘Metal Ion Contamination in mine run off’ in
Bailadila Iron Ore.
Water audit was conducted at all the production
projects for evaluation of water consumption.
The recommendations of the audit are being
implemented by replacing the worn-out pipes
and leaking pumps. Apart from this regular
maintenance of water appurtenances is being
done. This reduces the wastage of water and
ensure optimum water use.

Commitment
Vigilance Department guides and facilitates impartial,
fair and transparent decision making and gives priority
to preventive vigilance, with proactive measures.

189

Financial Statements

•

Statutory Reports

M/s Indian Council of Forest Research and
Education, Dehradun was engaged for preparation
of EMP & R&R plans for Deposit 5 and 10 of the
Bacheli Complex. The firm has prepared the EMP
and Rehabilitation & Reclamation Plan for waste
dumps, mined out areas, surface water pollution
measures, etc for Kumaraswamy and Donimalai
Iron Ore Mine and Bailadila Iron Ore Complex. The
studies have been successfully completed for
Deposit 14 ML, Deposit 11B and 11C of Kirandul
Complex. In this regard, an MoU has been signed
on 1/2/21 with Dantewada Forest Division. The
works include construction of check dams / check
bunds, tailing dams, construction of buttress
walls at toe of waste dumps etc. The protection
measures suggested are being implemented at
Kirandul and Donimalai Projects.

Systems

Corporate Overview

•

Carbon Footprint studies are being conducted for
disclosure of Greenhouse Gas Emissions in Carbon
Disclosure Project (CDP).

[p.194]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

•

Engineering Works Manual in place and put on
NMDC website.

issued by statutory authorities / agencies and advising/
involving the concerned departments for compliance.

•

Contracts Management Manual (CMM) is in place
and put on NMDC website. Manual is updated and
released on 18.10.2023.

•

Materials Management Manual in place. The
Manual is under updation.

•

NMDC Recruitment and Promotion Policy 2018 is in
place and put on NMDC website.

NMDC’s vigilance department has taken the initiative
to implement an Online Vigilance Portal in an effort
to digitalize existing processes, in order to adhere to
NMDC’s digital mission and to address existing flaws. In
view of this, An Online Vigilance Portal was developed
and launched, enhancing transparency, accountability,
and data integrity in vigilance-related activities.

Performance during the year 2023-24
The Vigilance department has undertaken several
initiatives during the fiscal year 2023-24, with a
particular focus on enhancing “Preventive Vigilance.”
This emphasis included conducting Preventive Checks
in key areas, addressing complaints with appropriate
corrective measures, and implementing system
improvements. Additionally, regular training sessions on
vigilance matters were organized for employees by the
Vigilance functionaries at both the Corporate Office and
various projects.
The systems and procedures including the document
handling, maintenance of records is done so as to
ensure that the Vigilance Department is conforming to
the Quality Management Systems as per ISO 9001:2015
Standards.
The Vigilance Department obtained ISO 9001:2015
certification for its Quality Management System
(QMS), ensuring routine surveillance audits and quality
certification until June 30, 2025.
Throughout the fiscal year 2023-24, the Vigilance
department conducted a total of 326 Preventive
Checks, comprising 101 surprise checks, 94 regular
inspections, 109 file studies, 14 audit para inspections,
and 8 CTE type inspections across all projects and the
Head Office.
Complaints received were taken up for Investigation
and necessary suggestions for system improvement/
disciplinary action wherever required were
recommended. A total of 160 complaints were received
through various sources during the period which were
handled/ disposed off logically as per CVC guidelines /
complaint handling procedure.
As part of the implementation of “Leveraging of
Technology for transparency” in all the transactions,
details of contracts concluded above Rs. 10 lakhs, all
works awarded on nomination basis, single tender basis
above Rs. 1 lakh, information regarding bill payments
to the contractors, etc. are provided on the company’s
website. Vigilance department made all efforts for
E-Procurements through online e-procurement
platforms like MSTC, GeM etc. and it has now been
ensured at NMDC that all tenders of value 2 lakhs and
above shall be floated / issued through E-Procurement
platform. In this regard, Vigilance dept. Is regularly
creating awareness by intimating fresh guidelines

190

NMDC Vigilance portal is an end-to end digital platform
for all Vigilance functions from lodging of a complaint
to till its logical conclusion. This have provisions for
recording various preventive, punitive and administrative
matters of vigilance department. This portal is a
digital repository for all vigilance activities and provide
data analytics like age-wise pendency and status of
complaints; department wise, area wise complaint/
preventive check undertaken; frequency of complaint
from same person or against same officials etc. This will
help in preparation of proactive vigilance action plan
and thrust areas on quarterly/annual basis.
NMDC has adopted the Integrity Pact since November
2007. As per the suggestions given by Vigilance
Department, the threshold value has been decreased
to 1.0 Crore w.e.f. 07.09.2018. The Integrity Pact has
been entered into 196 contracts with a value of Rs.11002
Crores for the period April 2023-March 2024.
To ensure transparency in vigilance works, necessary
action has been initiated for rotation/repatriation of
vigilance officers, and for inducting of new officers in
Vigilance department for compliance of CVC guidelines.
In this regard, 4 new Officers have been inducted in
June-2023 & 2 officers in Feb-2024, also, 3 officers
have been repatriated to their parent department. The
rotational transfer of officers of other departments
was also effected during the period in compliance of
CVC guideline and a total of 102 officers were rotated/
transferred.
With the purpose of enhancing transparency and
accountability among the employees, to stress
on the importance of the monitoring system and
the prevalence of the noteworthy practices in our
organization, 3rd Edition of Subodh have been released
on 28th November 2023. The release of in-house
bulletins included Vigilance-related articles, CVC
circulars, and guidelines for procurement awareness.
The Quarterly Review-cum-Coordination meeting of
the Vigilance department with CVO was held in May2023, September-2023, February 2024 & December
2023. The said meeting was attended by all the
Vigilance Officers posted at Head Office and Projects
like Kirandul, Bacheli, Donimalai, Panna & NISP. Projectwise presentations were made and matters pertaining
to vigilance inspections and system improvements
recommended/ implemented etc. were discussed.
Few common matters were also discussed in openhouse wherein all VOS exchanged their views and gave

[p.195]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

In pursuance of CVC directions / guidelines received
during the month of August / September 2020, a 02
days module and Road map for imparting training on
preventive vigilance separately for Induction level (new
entrants) and Mid-career level Executives were drawn
up and was integrated with our HRD’s regular training
plan. The said training programs on Preventive Vigilance
is being arranged every month at NMDC in compliance
of CVC guidelines, covering Induction level and midcareer level executives of HO, ROs and all Projects.
During the FY 2023-24, 11 Nos. of training modules
were arranged for Induction level and Mid-career
level employees covering 402 employees from all the
Production Projects, Regional Offices and Head Office
under Preventive Vigilance module.

The Delegation of Powers (DoP) has been revised
pertains to Section B (Purchase of Materials, Plant
Equipment etc). & Section-C (Works) vide Office
Order No. CS/DoP/2014, dtd. 17.03.2023, pertains
to Section- D (Sales & Commercial Section) vide
OO no. CS/DoP/2023 dated 31.07.2023, pertains to
Section-E (Miscellaneous & General Matters) vide
OO no. CS/DoP/2024 dated 19.03.2024.

v.

In line with the Government Guidelines, a circular
to maximize Procurement of Goods & Services
through GEM Portal is issued on 05.07.2023 vide
circular No. NMDC/DC/23-24/1.

vi.

As a part of SI suggested on inspection of New
Electronic Truck Weighbridge near HEM center
by Vigilance department, Integration of the “New
Electronic Truck Weighbridge near HEM service
center at Kirandul Complex” with ERP SAP Module
of NMDC has been done.

vii.

With reference to Re-conciliation of deposited
amount through Electronic mode like SBI collect,
YONO app in Hospital of BIOM Kirandul Complex
so as to ensure Transparency, all payments in
hospitals are done with YONO app or in accounts
of NMDC bank account. YONO app & bank account
details for payment is displayed in payment
counter of Hospital. The same has been issued
vide HOP letter no.HoP/Sectt./2023/13V/1, dt.
27.10.2023.

System improvements suggested/implemented during
the year 2023-24;
As per the Action Plan of the Vigilance dept., viz-aviz the action plan of individual vigilance officers for
the year 2023-24, surprise and regular checks were
conducted besides the study of files. Irregularities
and omissions under the provisions of the rules were
identified and improvements in the systems were
suggested wherever required. A total of 71 system
improvement was proposed during the year.
The major initiatives /system improvements /
suggestions/ recommendations which were
implemented during the period are briefed as below:Display of the SOP for weighment, weight
adjustment and sampling at the weighbridge and
sampling site at Bacheli Complex of NMDC. Action
taken report received vide Project letter BC/
GEO/2022-23/3047 dt. 24.02.2023.

ii.

In line with the CVC guidelines, a circular
regarding uniformity in the Integrity pact within
the organization and Signing of Integrity Pact
by both buyer and seller issued vide circular no.
HQMM/Integrity Pact/ IEM/4th QTR MEETING dated
10.04.2023.

iii.

A circular vide No. HQMM/ Study & Observations
on Procurement dated 19.06.2023 has been
issued from the Material Management, where
a consolidated list of Deliberation & Action on
Vigilance observations suggested in various
preventive checks have been compiled. In
the circular various point raised by Vigilance
Department, such as discourage of Splitting of
Indent for approval of sanction of funds, Guidelines
regarding time lines for bid security and bid validity
as per manuals, physical verification of stocks,
sensitization of executives on MM manual, Signing
of Integrity Pact, Record of Price justification in
TSC minutes, regarding issues in rate Contract/
Extension of Rate Contracts etc. have been
deliberated.

ix.

SOP has been developed and made available in
Control Room at BIOM Kirandul complex for CLO
Dispatches through truck weighbridge vide HOP
letter no.HoP/Sectt./2023/13V/1, dtd. 27.10.2023.

x.

In line with the guidelines from Procurement
Manual released by Department of expenditure
(DoE) an Office Order vide OO No. NMDC/
DoP/2023, dtd.21.11.2023 has been issued for
Constitution of Tender Opening Committee (TOC)
with approval of Competent Authority as per DoP &
on the basis of value of the contract.

xi.

A revised SOP for the diesel bowsers in respect of
receipts, issues, storage and consumption of diesel
is prepared at Donimalai for better supervision.
Reference: HoP vide letter No. DNM/CGM/DM(S)/
Vig./20, dt. 06.11.2023.

xii.

Further, Input in line with the applicable
instructions of Government as per manual of
Procurement for Goods, Services & Works released
by DoE and GFR-2017 have been recommended to

191

Financial Statements

i.

viii. In view of the suggestions recommended as the
outcome of the study from Vigilance department,
a circular has been issued to all Package Incharges and their MECON O&M counterparts at
Nagarnar Steel Limited (NSL), Nagarnar to be
more vigilant in terms of storage and usages of
expired materials at NSL vide letter No. NSL/
Vigilance/2023/10/01, dtd.27.10.2023.

Statutory Reports

iv.

Corporate Overview

valuable suggestions.

[p.196]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

concerned department for incorporating the same
in Updation of Manuals.
xiii. Contract Management Manual has been updated
with incorporation of guidelines of DoE manuals
and released on 18.10.2023 in the organization.
xiv. A circular vide No. HO(Works)/ Contracts/ Vig.
Observations/ Guidelines/2024 dated 01.02.2024
has been issued from the Works department
where a consolidated list of Deliberation &
Action on Vigilance observations suggested in
various preventive checks have been compiled.
In the circular various point raised by Vigilance
Department, such as adoption of Online Tendering/
E- tendering, Preference to MSE bidders,
Confirmation of Issuance of documents such as
Solvency Certificate, CPBG, EMD, BG etc., proper
signing of Integrity Pact, Proper Justification
in case of delay in providing Statutory/ Site
Clearances, Consideration of Free issue material
(FIM) in PQC evaluation, maintaining/ availability
of Statutory and other important documents at
execution site, Pre-Qualification Criteria (PQC) with
respect to Similar nature of work, Deviations from
tender terms and conditions in LAC/Agreement,
Delay in tender finalization, Negotiation with L-1
bidder, Approval of Corrigenda/ Addenda, Price
variation/ Escalation due to variation in price
indices etc. have been deliberated.
xv.

In view of suggestion recommended during
inspection of unreleased EMD for the period of
Mar’21 to June’23, an office order was issued from
NSL vide order no. ED(Sectt)./OO/2024/02 dated
15.02.2024 to ensure compliance towards refund
of unsuccessful bidders.

VIGILANCE AWARENESS WEEK:
In line with the directives of the CVC vide circular No.
08/09/23 dtd: 11.09.2023, the Campaign Period &
Vigilance Awareness Week-2023 has been observed
in NMDC Ltd with great enthusiasm and active
participations of employees & all related stake holders
from 16.08.2023 to 15.11.2023 (3 months campaign) &
30.10.2023 to 05.11.2023 (Vigilance Awareness Week)
respectively on the theme “Say No to Corruption;
Commit to the Nation” across all the Projects/ regional
Offices.
On the Inaugural day of VAW-2023, Integrity Pledge
was administered to the employees of NMDC at HO
by CVO and Director (Technical) and by respective
Project Heads/Regional Managers at Projects and ROS.
Hyperlink for taking e-pledge was also provided at
NMDC’s website.

192

Various activities including awareness programmes and
prescribed individual/inter-departmental competitions
like Slogan writing, Essay writing, Elocution, Quiz
competition, poster drawing competition on the VAW
theme were arranged for the employees during the
Vigilance Awareness Week-2023.
At Corporate office, A Run for Vigilance awareness was
organized on 31.10.2023 for employees, and school/
college children with huge participation making the
theme, a grand success. Apart from HO, the Run was
also organized in various Project locations witnessing
huge participation.
Apart from the above day-wise activities at Corporate
office, Production Projects and Regional offices
have also celebrated Vigilance Awareness Week
by organizing various knowledge-sharing sessions,
workshops on PIDPI and Preventive Vigilance and other
outreach activities like skits, PIDPI awareness sessions
etc. Large number of participations covering wider
groups of employees, their spouses, wards, school/
college students, security staff, contractors, contract
labour etc. were involved for creating awareness about
vigilance.
As per the CVC guidelines, many employees have
undergone training sessions conducted by CVC
under “Training of trainers, (TOT)” program on various
vigilance related topics like Ethics & Governance,
Preventive Vigilance, Procurement, IO & PO training,
Cyber hygiene.
During the campaign period, a total of 08 workshops/
lectures by eminent speakers expertise in their subject
domain were invited and employees from HO as well as
Projects/ROs were nominated to take benefit of such
capacity building sessions. Each session witnessed
around more than 70 employees covering a huge
spectrum of knowledge sharing and awareness session.
For propagation of VAW-2023 theme, wide display of
banners & posters, newspaper release/teasers and
extensive use of social media was under taken.. All the
winners/participants of various activities/competitions
were given away the prizes during the Valedictory
Function held on the concluding day of VAW-2023 at HO
and all Projects.

[p.197]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Annexure - VII

FORM NO. AOC.2

(Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of section 134 of the Act and Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules,
2014)

1.

Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at arm’s length basis:
NMDC STEEL LIMITED

b.

Nature of contracts/arrangements/
transactions

c.

Duration of the contracts / arrangements
2023-24
/ transactions

d.

Salient terms of the contracts or
arrangements or transactions including
the value, if any

Supply of iron ore fines and lumps by NMDC Limited to NMDC
Steel Limited during FY 2023-24, on arm’s length price but on
deferred payment basis including payment of railway freight
by NMDC to be recovered at a later date, for an amount of
Rs.1398.15 crore.

e.

Justification for entering into such
contracts or arrangements or
transactions

The proposal for supply of iron ore on deferred payment basis
will be beneficial to both the parties i.e. NMDC and NSL. NMDC
will be able to increase the despatches since the rake supply will
improve considering less turnaround time due to proximity of NSL
steel plant to NMDC mines in Bailadila sector.

f.

Date of approval by the Board

27.05.2024 *

g.

Amount paid as advances, if any:

NIL

h.

Date on which the special resolution was
passed in general meeting as required
Not applicable
under first proviso to section 188

(Government Company with the same Functional and Government
Nominee Directors as in the case of NMDC Limited)
Supply of iron ore fines and lumps by NMDC Limited to NMDC
Steel Limited.

* The Audit Committee of NMDC in its meeting held on 11.08.2023 had accorded omnibus approval for such related
party transactions which were entered on arm’s length price. Considering that the transactions were on deferred
payment basis, they were put up for approval of the Board subsequently in its meeting held on 27.05.2024.
2.

Details of material contracts or arrangement or transactions at arm’s length basis:- N.A.

193

Financial Statements

Name(s) of the related party and nature
of relationship

Statutory Reports

a.

Corporate Overview

Form for disclosure of particulars of contracts/arrangements entered into by the company with related
parties referred to in sub-section (1) of section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 including certain arm’s length
transactions under third proviso thereto.

[p.198]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Annexure - VIII
ANNUAL REPORT ON CSR ACTIVITIES TO BE INCLUDED IN BOARD’S REPORT
1.

A brief outline of the Company’s CSR policy
NMDC has been continuously refining its Strategies to meet the ever-changing needs of the stakeholders and
the aspirations of the country to become a fully developed society. The Board approved CSR Policy of the
Company is uploaded on the NMDC website (https://www.nmdc.co.in/csr/csr-regulations) for a transparent
and effective communication on various facets of its CSR activities to the stakeholders, partner organizations
and all the concerned individuals or agencies.

2.

3.

Composition of CSR Committee
No. of Meetings of
CSR Committee held
during the year

No. of meetings of CSR
Committee attended
during the year

Director (Finance)

4

0

Shri Dilip Kumar Mohanty

Director (Production)

4

4

3

Shri Vishwanath Suresh

Director (Commercial)

4

4

4

Dr. Anil Kamble

Independent Director

4

4

5

Shri Sanjay Singh

Independent Director

4

4

SL.
No.

Name of Director

1

Shri Amitava Mukherjee

2

Designation/Nature of
Directorship

Provide the weblink where composition of CSR Committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the
Board are disclosed on the website of the Company?
Weblink for CSR Policy on NMDC’s website is given below:
https://www.nmdc.co.in/csr/csr-regulations
https://www.nmdc.co.in/csr/csr-activities/details-of-csr-activities

4.

Provide the executive summary along with web link (s) of Impact assessment of CSR Projects carried out
in pursuance of sub rule (3) of rule 8, if applicable
Weblink for Impact Assessment Report for the activities completed in 2021-22 and study conducted in 2023-24
is given below: https://www.nmdc.co.in/csr/csr-activities/impact-assessment

5.(a) Average Net Profit of the Company as per Section 135(5)
The average net profit of the preceding three years is Rs. 9,853.56 Crore.
(b) Two percent of average net profit of the company as per section 135(5)
2% of PBT of preceding three years calculates to Rs. 197.07 Crore.
(c) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programs or activities of the previous financial years - NIL
Note: - It is to submit that the interest of Rs. 1.02 Crore had accrued on Unspent CSR amount deposited in the
year 2022-23.
(d) Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any
NIL
(e) Total CSR obligation for the financial year [(b) +(c)-(d)]
Rs.197.07 Crore.

194

[p.199]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

6.(a) amount spent on CSR projects (both Ongoing Project and Other than Ongoing Project)
Ongoing Projects- Rs. 5.26 Crore
Other than Ongoing Projects- Rs.35.15 Crore
Amount deposited in UCSRA- Rs.150.92 Crore
(b) Amount spent in administrative overheads
Rs.5.38 Crore*

(c) Amount spent on impact assessment, if applicable
Rs 0.36 Crore.
(d) Total amount spent for the Financial Year [(a)+(b)+(c)]
Rs.197.07 Crore.
The total CSR expenditure for 2023-24 is Rs.197.07 Crore (as per financial statements). While Rs. 46.15 Crore is
actual CSR expenditure, Rs.150.92 Crore is the amount deposited in UCSRA.

Corporate Overview

*Administrative overheads amount is calculated on Rs. 197.07 Crore (i.e.) including amount transferred in
Unspent CSR Account - Rs.150.92 Crore.

(e) CSR amount spent or unspent for the financial year:
Amt. unspent (in Rs.)
Total Amt. transferred to
unspent CSR accounts as
per section 135 (6)

Amt. transferred to any fund specified
under Schedule VII as per second
provision to Section 135 (5)

Amount
(Rs. crore)

Date of
transfer

Name of
the Fund

Amount

Date of
Transfer

150.92

30.04.2024

NA

NA

NA

197.07
(f) Excess amount set off, if any
Sl.
No.

Amount
in Rs.

Particulars
Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per Section 135 (5)

NA

(ii)

Total amount spent for the financial year

NA

(iii)

Excess amount spent for the financial year (ii-i)

NA

(iv)

Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous
financial years, if any

NA

(v)

Amount available for set off in succeeding financial years

NA

7.(a) Details of unspent CSR amount for the preceding three financial years

Sl.
No.

Preceding
Financial
year

Amt. spent in
the reporting
Financial Year
(in Rs. crore)

1

2021-22

Nil

2

2022-23

3

Amt. transferred to any fund
specified under Schedule VII
as per section 135 (6), if any
Name of
the Fund

Amt.
(in Rs.)

Date of
Transfer

Amt. remaining
to be spent in
succeeding
F.Y. (in Rs.
crore)

-

-

-

-

-

99.12

33.34

-

-

-

65.78

2023-24

150.92

-

-

-

-

150.92

Total

250.04

33.34

-

-

-

216.70

195

Financial Statements

(i)

Amt. transferred
to unspent CSR
account under
Section 135 (6) (in
Rs. crore)

Statutory Reports

Total amount spent for the
financial year (In Rs. Crore)

[p.200]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

8.

Whether any capital assets have been created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility
amount spent in financial year: Yes/No
No.
If yes, enter the number of Capital assets created/acquired
Furnish the details relating to such assets so created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility
amount spent in the Financial Year:

Sl.
No.

Short particulars
of property or
assets [including
complete address
and location of
the property]

Pincode of
the property
or assets

Date of
creation

CSR
amount
spent

Details of entity/Authority/
beneficiary of registered owner
CSR reg.
No.

Name

Registered
Address

---- Not applicable ---9.

Specify the reason(s) if the Company has failed to spent 2% of the average net profit as per section 135
(5).
Slow/inadequate progress in implementation of agreed works through various implementing agencies.

(Amitava Mukherjee)
Chairman & Managing Director (Addl. Charge)

196

[p.201]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Annexure-IX(a)

Management’s Replies to the Comments of the Comptroller & Auditor General of India under Section 143(6)(b) of
the Companies Act 2013 on the Standalone Financial Statements of NMDC Limited for the year ended 31st March
2024.
C & AG Comments

Management's Replies

Corporate Overview

The preparation of financial statements of NMDC Limited, Hyderabad
for the year ended 31 March 2024 in accordance with the financial
reporting framework prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013
(Act) is the responsibility of the management of the Company. The
Statutory Auditors appointed by the Comptroller and Auditor General
of India under Section 139(5) of Act are responsible for expressing
opinion on the financial statements under Section 143 of the Act
based on the independent audit in accordance with the Standards on
Auditing prescribed under Section 143(10) of the Act. This is stated to
have been done by them vide their Audit Report dated 27 May 2024.

Based on supplementary audit, I would like to highlight the following
significant matters under Section 143(6)(b) of the Act which have
come to my attention and which in my view are necessary for
enabling a better understanding of the financial statements and the
related audit report.
A.

Comments on Financial Position
Current Liabilities
Provisions(Note-2.17.1)₹254.41 crore

In view of the above, the company decided
to surrender the LOI to DMG of Andhra
Pradesh and has communicated the same
on 08th December 2023. Further NMDC,
vide letter dated 03rd March 2024, has
Before commencement of the mining activities, NMDC conducted a
requested the Director, DMG to return the
strategic review of the Project and observed that Gold Project being a Original Bank Guarantee of ₹ 12.39 crores.
different mining process and process technologies poses a challenge
The above facts are suitably disclosed
in achieving the desired outcome from the project due to lack of inat Note no.2.34.15 in the Financial
house expertise, venturing into underground mining and high value
Statements.
mineral from the well-established open case mining of iron ore, etc.
The amount of BG ₹ 12.39 crores is
which were risks on capital deployed. Accordingly, a proposal was
included under Contingent Liabilities on
submitted to the Board of Directors (BoD) of NMDC for surrender of
Bills discounted/ BG of ₹1387.35 crores
the mine back to GoAP which would result in a loss of ₹ 14.87 crore
besides consequential damages from Government of Andhra Pradesh. (Note no.2.31 (A) (1.2))
BoD approved (September 2023) the write-off proposal.

Though an amount of ₹2.48 crore which was accounted in Capital
Advance was transferred to Miscellaneous Expenditure, no provision
was created against the Performance Guarantee of ₹ 12.39 crore
submitted to GoAP. This has resulted in understatement of Provisions
(Current Liabilities) and Other Expenses by ₹12.39 crore with
consequential overstatement of profit to the same extent.

As the Company is pursuing with the state
government to return the Bank Guarantee
and also due to non-encashment of BG
by the state government, the accounting
treatment given by the company is in
order.

197

Financial Statements

The above does not include ₹ 12.39 crore payable to Government
of Andhra Pradesh towards surrender of Letter of Intent (LOI) of
Chigargunta – Bisanatham Gold Block in Chittoor District of Andhra
Pradesh. The government of Andhra Pradesh (GoAP) allocated
(October 2022) Chigargunta – Bisanatham Gold Block for an extent
of 262.010 Hectares to NMDC Limited through auction. In line with
the Terms of Allocation Letter, NMDC submitted a performance
Guarantee of ₹ 12.39 crore and released a payment of ₹ 2.48 crore
towards upfront fee.

Based on the Pre-feasibility report with the
actual land types and draft mining plan,
it is noted that there is major variation in
the land types vis-a-vis the auction tender
Document. Additionally, the project had
several uncertainties impacting ca pex and
thus making the gold Project marginal with
significant downsides.

Statutory Reports

I, on behalf of the Comptroller and Auditor General of India, have
conducted a supplementary audit of the financial statements of
NMDC Limited, Hyderabad for the year ended 31 March 2024 under
Section 143(6)(a) of the Act. This supplementary audit has been
carried out independently without access to the working papers
of the Statutory Auditors and is limited primarily to inquiries of
the Statutory Auditors and Company personnel and a selective
examination of some of the accounting records.

[p.202]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

C & AG Comments
B.

Management's Replies

Comments on Disclosure

The observation of audit is noted and the
same is disclosed at Note No. 2.34.18 (B)
(SFS).

Note 2.32.10
Joint Ventures (Ind AS 28) –
Jointly Controlled Entities
A Memorandum of Understanding was signed between NMDC
Limited, Steel Authority of India Limited and IRCON International
Limited (May 2015) to form a Joint Venture (JV) Company by the
name “Bastar Railway Private Limited” (BRPL) for construction of 140
KM Broad Guage Line from Jagdalpur to Rowghat. NMDC, having 52
per cent stake, made an investment of ₹152.67 crore in BRPL.
Subsequently, a proposal was submitted to Board of Directors of
BRPL of handing over of the project to Railways as the JV partners
do not possesses the expertise in execution of Railway Projects
and could not infuse the required capital/equity in the JV company.
Further, IRCON was not interested in executing the project and
informed that the execution may be taken up with any other Railway
Project Executing Agencies like Rail Vikas Nigam Limited, RITES
Limited, etc. Board of Directors of BRPL approved (September 2022)
the proposal to handover the construction of project to Ministry
of Railways. Railway Board (February 2023) granted in-principle
approval for taking over the Project.
Further, BRPL acquired 140.233 Hectares of land in 21 villages
in Bastar District and paid ₹188.82 crore towards cost of land
acquisition. A FIR under section 154 CRPC was filed by the District
Collector for the land acquired in Palli village on the irregularities in
computation of land compensation and excess payment of ₹85.87
crore. This case is pending before the Supreme Court.
The above facts have not been disclosed in financial statements of
NMDC.

For and on behalf of the
Comptroller and Auditor General of India

For and on behalf of Board of Directors

Sd/(M.S. Subrahmanyam)
Director General of Commercial Audit,
Hyderabad

Sd/(Amitava Mukherjee)
Chairman-cum-Managing Director
(Additional Charge)

Date: 14 August 2024
Place: Hyderabad

Date: 20th August 2024
Place: Hyderabad

198

[p.203]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Annexure-IX(b)

Management’s Replies to the Comments of the Comptroller & Auditor General of India under Section 143(6)(b)
of the Companies Act 2013 on the Consolidated Financial Statements of NMDC Limited for the year ended 31st
March 2024.
C & AG Comments

Management's Replies

Corporate Overview

The preparation of consolidated financial statements of NMDC Limited for the year
ended on 31 March 2024 in accordance with the financial reporting framework
prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013 (Act) is the responsibility of the
management of the Company. The Statutory Auditors appointed by the Comptroller
and Auditor General of India under section 139(5) read with Section 129(4) of the
Act are responsible for expressing opinion on these financial statements under
Section 143 read with Section 129(4) of the Act based on the independent audit in
accordance with the Standards on Auditing prescribed under Section 143(10) of the
Act. This is stated to have been done by them vide their Audit Report dated 27 May
2024.

Statutory Reports

I, on the behalf of the Comptroller and Auditor General of India, have conducted a
supplementary audit of the consolidated financial statements of NMDC Limited for
the year ended on 31 March 2024 under Section 143(6)(a) read with Section 129(4)
of the Act. We did not conduct supplementary audit of the financial statements of
subsidiaries, associate companies and jointly controlled entities listed in Annexure-I
for the year ended on that date. Further, section 139(5) and 143(6)(b) of the Act are
not applicable to the subsidiary viz., Legacy Iron Ore Limited, Perth, Australia and
joint venture Kopano-NMDC Minerals (Proprietary) Limited, South Africa being private
entities incorporated in foreign countries under the respective laws, for appointment
of their Statutory Auditors nor for conduct of supplementary audit. Accordingly, C&AG
has neither appointed Statutory Auditors nor conducted the supplementary audit
of these companies. This supplementary audit has been carried out independently
without access to the working papers of the Statutory Auditors and is limited
primarily to inquiries of the Statutory Auditor and Company personnel and a selective
examination of some of the accounting records.
Based on supplementary audit, I would like to highlight the following significant matter
under Section 143(6)(b) of the Act which have come to my attention and which in my
view are necessary for enabling a better understanding of the financial statements
and related audit report.

Financial Statements

199

[p.204]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

C & AG Comments
A.

Management's Replies

Comments on Disclosure

The observation of audit
is noted and the same
is disclosed at Note No.
2.35.18 (B) (CFS).

Note 2.31 Related Party Disclosure
(Ind AS – 24)
A Memorandum of Understanding was signed between NMDC Limited, Steel
Authority of India Limited and IRCON International Limited (May 2015) to form a
Joint Venture (JV) Company by the name ”Bastar Railway Private Limited”(BRPL) for
construction of 140 KM Broad Guage Line from Jagdalpur to Rowghat. NMDC, having
52 per cent stake, made an investment of ₹152.67 crore in BRPL.
Subsequently, a proposal was submitted to Board of Directors of BRPL of handing
over of the project to Railways as the JV partners do not possesses the expertise
in execution of Railway Projects and could not infuse the required capital/equity in
the JV company. Further, IRCON was not interested in executing the project and
informed that the execution may be taken up with any other Railway Project Executing
Agencies like Rail Vikas Nigam Limited, RITES Limited, etc. Board of Directors of BRPL
approved (September 2022) the proposal to handover the construction of project to
Ministry of Railway, Railway Board (February 2023) granted in-principle approval for
taking over the project.
Further, BRPL acquired 140.233 Hectares of land in 21 villages in Bastar District and
paid ₹188.82 crore toward cost of land acquisition. A FIR under section 154 CRPC was
filed by the District Collector for the land acquired in Palli village on the irregularities
in computation of land compensation and excess payment of ₹85.87 crore. This case
in pending before the Supreme Court.
Though the above facts have been disclosed in the Accounts of BRPL, the same has
not been disclosed in Consolidated Financial Statements of NMDC.

For and on behalf of the
Comptroller and Auditor General of India

For and on behalf of Board of Directors

Sd/(M.S. Subrahmanyam)
Director General of Commercial Audit,
Hyderabad

Sd/(Amitava Mukherjee)
Chairman-cum-Managing Director
(Additional Charge)

Date: 14 August 2024
Place: Hyderabad

Date: 20th August 2024
Place: Hyderabad

200

[p.205]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Ten Year Performance
Ind_ AS
Ind_ AS
Ind_ AS
Ind_ AS
Ind_ AS
2021-2022
2023-2024 2022-2023
2020-2021 2019-2020
(*)

Ind_ AS
2018-19

Ind_ AS
2017-18

Ind_ AS
2016-17

Ind_AS
2015-16

2014-15

323.61

355.76

340.05

285.74

304.41

Restated

Production
1

Iron Ore (WMT) (in
lakh tonnes)

450.23

408.17

421.88

341.50

314.89

2

Diamonds (Carats)

295.61

-

-

13,681.01

28,537.23

3

Sponge Iron (in
tonnes)

-

-

-

-

-

4

Pellets(in Tonnes)

2,63,053.12 2,02,329.57

1,82,298.77

83,751.32

38,148.77 39,393.72 35,635.99 35,558.31 35,085.46
2,475.37

-

1,10,481.19 1,15,622.89

58,070

5,474.11

6,614.26 28,993.96

Corporate Overview

Operating Statistics:

Sales
1

Iron Ore (WMT) (in
lakh tonnes)

444.81

382.23

406.68

332.52

315.16

323.56

360.75

356.21

2

Diamonds (Carats)

-

-

25,218.95

22,248.84

3

Sponge Iron (in
tonnes)

-

-

-

-

1,943.88

495.58

-

8,579.42

4

Pellets(in Tonnes)

2,40,125.52 1,88,988.03

1,96,971.93

92,773.00

85,793.07

1,12,010

42,948

-

25,629.72

15,233.70

11,569.00

11,997.98 11,490.93

-

4.39

0.94

288.39

305.16

33,722.90 29,345.54 33,175.34 25,631.46 36,682.93 38,788.58
25,191.38

8,708.90

6,327.93

12,197.69

-

13.13

13.14

48.09

Financial Statistics:
Income
1

Sales Iron Ore

i)

Sales Sponge Iron

ii)

Sales Diamonds

21,049.47

17,447.39

-

62.93

21.10

34.29

38.86

35.17

41.91

52.61

50.06

6.25

6.08

4.99

5.17

5.40

5.51

6.50

7.48

6.30

5.96

iv) Sales Others

3.85

5.78

-

0.01

0.43

0.52

0.74

0.38

1.78

8.75

232.40

165.50

222.11

73.50

55.55

76.52

25.40

1.84

42.13

45.04

36.58

30.16

32.34

56.17

57.84

55.51

45.86

v)

Sales of Pellet

vi) Income from
services
2

Sales: Other
Products and
Services ( i to vi)

244.34

219.49

335.07

136.36

130.22

154.69

123.98

120.74

129.34

158.72

3

Net Revenue from
Operation

21,293.81

17,666.88

25,964.79

15,370.06

11,699.22

12,152.67

11,614.91

8,829.64

6,457.27

12,356.41

4

Other Income

434.49

332.55

718.33

349.88

513.79

588.30

519.73

908.81

1,809.25

2,265.40

8,428.59

8,048.16

13,349.27

9,146.27

6,426.69

7,518.91

6,472.13 4,509.86

4,374.21

9,930.07

PROFIT
1

EBDITA

2

Depreciation

337.05

335.41

286.85

227.83

294.38

278.89

256.04

196.18

216.60

162.23

3

Interest

78.24

75.23

39.06

16.81

9.88

40.32

37.10

20.76

65.59

-

4

PBT

8,013.30

7,637.52

13,023.36

8,901.63

6,122.43

7,198.42

6,178.99

4,292.92

4,092.02

9,767.84

5

Taxes

2,380.42

2,108.21

3,575.09

2,316.59

1,555.33

2,752.48

2,141.39

1,619.92

1,566.06

3,345.98

6

PAT

5,631.89

5,528.63

9,447.59

6,253.05

3,610.12

4,642.11

3,805.88

2,589.14

2,712.22

6,421.86

7

Dividend (**)

1,685.11

1,934.21

4,319.72

2,274.15

1,619.72

1,690.14

1,676.86

1,313.01

4,361.19

3,389.83

8

Dividend % of PAT

30%

35%

46%

36%

45%

36%

44%

51%

161%

53%

201

Financial Statements

-

iii) Sale of Power

Statutory Reports

8,364.52

[p.206]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Ind_ AS
Ind_ AS
Ind_ AS
Ind_ AS
Ind_ AS
2021-2022
2023-2024 2022-2023
2020-2021 2019-2020
(*)

Ind_ AS
2018-19

Ind_ AS
2017-18

Ind_ AS
2016-17

306.19

316.39

Ind_AS
2015-16

2014-15

FINANCIAL POSITION
1

Equity

293.07

293.07

293.07

293.07

2

Reserves & Surplus

25,112.71

22,039.24

17,582.19

29,463.07

316.39

396.47

396.47

27,227.76 25,645.34 24,037.44 22,202.55

3

Gross Fixed Assets

5,129.26

5,176.90

4,680.91

4

Net Fixed Assets
( PPE, ROU &
Intangible Assets)

3,162.65

3,013.87

5

Other Assets(Un
Amortised
Expenditure)

-

6

Capital Work-inProgress

7

306.19

28,721.12

31,935.27

4,795.71

4,479.41

3,681.38

3,368.53

2,406.26

2,170.98

2,944.65

2,833.77

3,118.45

3,016.73

2,720.69

2,671.70

1,952.81

1,918.45

1,333.69

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

5.37

3,230.51

1,961.72

1,298.48

17,128.10

15,501.20

13,792.45 12,519.90

11,831.36

9,722.88

7,710.03

Current Assets (***)

21,407.00

17,507.13

16,918.67

10,548.12

6,874.30

7,963.98

8,839.45

8,584.95 18,764.55 23,889.76

8

Current Liabilities
(***)

8,360.61

5,904.02

6,865.41

5,402.26

2,776.60

3,062.06

3,541.17

2,571.92

3,200.32

1,989.00

9

Deferred Tax Asset

265.89

297.50

568.94

408.28

397.06

582.73

385.71

453.36

263.17

(98.40)

10

Net Worth

25,405.78

22,332.31

17,875.26

29,756.14

27,533.95

11

Book value per
share (Rs.)

86.69

76.20

60.99

101.53

89.92

84.76

76.97

71.17

73.44

81.54

12

Earning per share
(Rs.)

19.22

18.86

32.07

20.62

11.79

14.70

12.03

7.22

6.84

16.20

13

Valued added per
emp (Rs. In lakhs)

205.99

176.19

300.30

212.46

155.11

173.89

167.76

117.46

86.89

182.23

25,951.53 24,353.83 22,518.94

29,117.59 32,326.37

(*) Demerger of NISP Unit ( Resulting Company NMDC Steel LImited) from NMDC Ltd. vide MCA latter dated 6th October 2022, Company has
recognized the effect of the demerger from 1st April 2021
(**) Company has paid Rs. 1,685.11 crore as 1st interim Dividend for Rs. 5.75 per Share and declared Final Dividend of Rs.439.59 crore @ Rs. 1.50 per
share for the Financial year 2023-24 which is to be paid after AGM. The total dividend for financial year 2023-24 amounts to Rs. 2,124.70 crore, which
is 38% of the PAT.
(***) Company has re-stated the figures based on the EAC opinion issued by ICAI for accounting of bill discounting.

202

[p.207]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

203

[p.208]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

204

[p.209]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

205

[p.210]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
Basis for Opinion

To,
The Members,
NMDC Limited
Report on the Audit of the Standalone Financial
Statements
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying Standalone
Financial Statements of NMDC Limited (hereinafter
referred to as “the Company”), which comprise the
Standalone Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2024, the
Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss (including
Other Comprehensive Income), the Standalone
Statement of Changes in Equity and the Standalone
Statement of Cash flows for the year then ended, and
notes to the Standalone Financial Statements, including
material accounting policy information and other
explanatory information (hereinafter referred to as the
“Standalone Financial Statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and
according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid
Standalone Financial Statements give the information
required by the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) in
the manner so required and give a true and fair view
in conformity with the Indian Accounting Standards
prescribed under section 133 of the Act read with the
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015,
as amended, (“Ind AS”) and other accounting principles
generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs of
the Company as at March 31, 2024, its profit and other
comprehensive income, changes in equity and its cash
flows for the year ended on that date.

Sl No
1.

206

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under section
143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those
Standards are further described in the “Auditor’s
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial
Statements” section of our report. We are independent
of the Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of
India (“ICAI”) together with the ethical requirements that
are relevant to our audit of the Standalone Financial
Statements under the provisions of the Act and the
Rules made thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other
ethical responsibilities in accordance with the provisions
of the Act and the ICAI’s Code of Ethics. We believe that
the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on
the Standalone Financial Statements.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our
professional judgement, were of most significance in
our audit of the Standalone Financial Statements of
the current period. These matters were addressed in
the context of our audit of the Standalone Financial
Statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion
thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on
these matters.
For each Key audit matter below, description of how
our audit addressed the Key audit matter is provided in
that context. We have determined the following matters
to be the Key audit matters to be communicated in our
report:

Key Audit Matter

Auditor’s Response

Revenue from Operations and Related Royalty &
Levies.

The audit procedures in relation to revenue
recognised, royalty and other statutory dues payable
included the following:

A)

Revenue from Operations:



Revenue from operations constitute revenue
from sale of iron ore and pellets. The
Company deals with different sizes of iron
ore. Amounts invoiced is adjusted with the
price of ‘Fe’ content in the product sold. This
involves substantial effort in establishing
accuracy of revenue recognised. Hence, this
was identified as Key Audit Matter.



Assessing the appropriateness of the Company’s
revenue recognition accounting policies in line
with Ind AS 115.



Understanding and testing of design and
operating effectiveness of Internal controls in
place relating to recognition and measurement
of revenue, royalty and other cess payable.

[p.211]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Sl No

Key Audit Matter


B)

Royalty & Levies



Royalty and other statutory dues on sale
of Iron–ore are required to be paid on the
basis of Mines and Minerals (Development
and Regulation) Act on advance basis to the
respective statutory authorities. The Royalty
and other statutory dues are computed
on the basis of the “Fe” grade and rate
published by Indian Bureau of Mines (IBM).





Testing of relevant information technology
general controls, automated controls, and
the related information used in recording and
disclosing revenue.



Performed Cut off procedures as on year end
with respect to revenue, royalty and other cess
paid based on quantity dispatched.



Recomputed royalty and other cess payable
for the current year as per IBM rates based on
“Fe” quantities sold and reconciled the provision
made.



Performed analytical procedures on current
year revenue, royalty and other cess and where
appropriate, conducted further enquiries and
testing.



Substantive testing of revenue, royalty and other
cess with the underlying documents on a sample
basis.
Substantive testing of quantity despatched
on sale with the sales recorded in books and
substantive testing of royalty and other cess
paid on quantity dispatched.

(Refer Note 2.18 and 2.34.14 to the Standalone
Financial Statement)
2.

Capital Work-in progress:
Considering the nature, duration, estimated
amount and amount incurred on projects carried
out, Capital Work in Progress is determined as a
key audit matter.

The audit procedures in relation to Capital Work in
Progress included the following:
Reviewed the accounting policies for CWIP.



Understanding and testing of design and
operating effectiveness of Internal controls
in place relating to approval process for
capitalisation.



Tested the control procedure for identification of
cost incurred for specific projects.



Performed substantive procedures on sample
basis for amounts capitalised and amounts
added to CWIP during the year.



Examined the disclosures made in respect
of CWIP in compliance with Ind AS-16 and
Schedule III to the Companies Act 2013.

(Refer Note 2.2 to the Standalone Financial
Statement)

207

Financial Statements



Statutory Reports

We identified Royalty & other statutory dues
as Key Audit Matter, considering the quantum 
of royalty and other statutory dues, inherent
risk involved in accurately recognizing royalty
and other statutory dues and complexities
involved with respect to Fe grade, rates
prescribed, timing of despatches.

Corporate Overview

The sale price of Iron-ore is based on the
presence of “Fe” content in the Iron-ore.
The sale price in the e-auction (advance)
as well as Long Term Agreement are fixed
for standard “Fe” grade and revenue are
recognized at standard “Fe” and adjustments
for the revenue recognized are made (Bonus
/ Penalty) based on the certified actual “Fe”
grade.

Auditor’s Response

[p.212]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Sl No

Key Audit Matter
Mine Closure Obligation (MCO):

3.

The company provides for Mine closure obligation
(MCO) based on the present cost of closure of
mining project based on a representative mine.
The rate of closure arrived at based on such cost
is uniformly applied to other mines for arriving at
the total MCO liability.

4.

Auditor’s Response
The audit procedure performed in relation to Mine
Closure Obligation included the following:


Our Audit procedure comprise of identification
and understanding of the reasonableness of the
principal assumptions used by the management
to the MCO which involves technical evaluation
and data of production of ore.

As the provision for mine closure involves estimate 
and Management judgement, the amount involved
is significant, the same is considered as a Key
Audit Matter.

We have reviewed the methodology to quantify
the liability for mine closure obligation at a rate
per MT on the cumulative Run of Mine quantity
for mine closure obligations.

(Refer Note 2.14.4 to the Standalone Financial
Statement)



We have verified the arithmetical accuracy of the
provision for mine closure obligation based on
the recommendation of the Committee formed
for this purpose.

Contingent Liabilities

The audit procedures in relation to contingent
liabilities included the following:

The Company is involved in various taxes and
other disputes for which final outcome cannot be

predicted and which could potentially result in
significant liabilities. The assessment of the risks
associated with the litigations is based on complex
assumptions, which require the use of judgements

and such judgements relates, primarily, to the
assessment of the uncertainties connected to
the prediction of the outcome of the proceedings
and to the adequacy of the disclosures in the

financial statements. Because of the judgement
required, the materiality of such litigations and the
complexity of the assessment process, the area is
a key matter for our audit.

(Refer Note 2.31 to the Standalone Financial
Statement)


Understood and tested the design and operating
effectiveness of controls as established by
the management for obtaining all relevant
information for pending litigation cases.
Discussed with the management regarding any
material developments thereto and latest status
of legal matters.
Read various correspondences and related
documents pertaining to litigation cases and
relevant external legal opinions obtained by the
management.
Examined management’s judgements and
assessments in respect of whether provisions
are required and discussed with the
management.
Reviewed the adequacy and completeness of
disclosures.

Emphasis of Matter
We draw attention to the following matters forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
I.

Note No. 2.34.4 regarding dues from NMDC Steel Limited (“NSL”), which includes an amount of INR 2,502.64
crores arising from demerger;

II.

Note No.2.32.5 regarding advance of INR 639.61 crores paid by the Company to a subsidiary M/s Karnataka
Vijayanagar Steel Limited (KVSL); and

III.

Note No. 2.34.7 regarding demand of INR 1,623.44 Crores, shown as ‘Contingent Liability’ relating to
compensation based on common cause judgement, which is sub-judice.

The impact of the above on the Standalone Financial Statements is dependent on the outcome of the proceedings/
matters described in the said notes.
Our opinion is not modified in respect of these matters.
Information Other than the Standalone Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report Thereon
The Company’s Management and Board of Directors are responsible for the preparation of the other information. The
other information comprises the information included in the Management Discussion and Analysis, Board’s Report
including Annexures to Board’s Report, Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report, Corporate Governance

208

[p.213]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Report and Shareholder Information (collectively
called as “Other Information”) but does not include
the Standalone Financial Statements and our auditor’s
report thereon. The Other information as above is
expected to be made available to us after the date of
this Auditors’ report.
Our opinion on the Standalone Financial Statements
does not cover the other information and we do not
express any form of assurance/ conclusion on the other
information.

When we read the other information, if we conclude that
there is a material misstatement therein, we are required
to communicate the matter to those charged with
governance and take appropriate actions, if required.

This responsibility also includes maintenance of
adequate accounting records in accordance with the
provisions of the Act for safeguarding of the assets of
the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds
and other irregularities; selection and application of
appropriate accounting policies; making judgments
and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and
the design, implementation and maintenance of
adequate internal financial controls, that were operating
effectively for ensuring accuracy and completeness of
the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and
presentation of the Standalone Financial Statements
that give a true and fair view and are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the Standalone Financial Statements,
the Board of Directors are responsible for assessing
the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern,
disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the Standalone Financial Statements as a
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due
to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high
level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a
material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can
arise from fraud or error and are considered material if,
individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably
be expected to influence the economic decisions of
users taken on the basis of these Standalone Financial
Statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise
professional judgment and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:


Identify and assess the risks of material
misstatement of the Standalone Financial
Statements, whether due to fraud or error, design
and perform audit procedures responsive to those
risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting
from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the
override of internal control.



Obtain an understanding of internal financial
controls relevant to the audit in order to design
audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances. Under section 143(3) of the
Act, we are also responsible for expressing our
opinion on whether the Company has adequate
internal financial controls system with reference
to financial statements in place and the operating
effectiveness of such controls.



Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting
policies used and the reasonableness of
accounting estimates and related disclosures
made by management.



Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s
use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
based on the audit evidence obtained, whether
a material uncertainty exists related to events or
conditions that may cast significant doubt on the
Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.
If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists,
we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s

209

Financial Statements

The Company’s Management and Board of Directors
are responsible for the matters specified in section
134(5) of the Act, with respect to the preparation and
presentation of these Standalone Financial Statements
that give a true and fair view of the standalone financial
position, standalone financial performance, standalone
other comprehensive income, standalone cash flows
and standalone changes in equity of the Company in
accordance with the Indian Accounting Standards (IndAS) specified under section 133 of the Act, read with
the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules,
2015, as amended, and other accounting principles
generally accepted in India.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the
Standalone Financial Statements

Statutory Reports

Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged
with Governance for the Standalone Financial
Statements

The Board of Directors are also responsible for
overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.

Corporate Overview

In connection with our audit of the Standalone Financial
Statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information identified above when it becomes available
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information
is materially inconsistent with the Standalone Financial
Statements, or our knowledge obtained during the
course of our audit or otherwise appears to be
materially misstated.

concern and using the going concern basis of
accounting unless Board of Directors either intends to
liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no
realistic alternative but to do so.

[p.214]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

report to the related disclosures in the Standalone
Financial Statements or, if such disclosures are
inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions
are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
date of our auditor’s report. However, future events
or conditions may cause the Company to cease to
continue as a going concern; and

under Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the
Standalone Financial Statements section above
after considering the requirements of Standard on
Auditing (SA 600) on “Using the work of Another
Auditor” including materiality.
2.

Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and
content of the Standalone Financial Statements,
including the disclosures, and whether the
Standalone Financial Statements represent the
underlying transactions and events in a manner
that achieves fair presentation.



We communicate with those charged with governance
regarding, among other matters, the planned scope
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings,
including any significant deficiencies in internal control
that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with
a statement that we have complied with relevant
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to
communicate with them all relationships and other
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on
our independence, and where applicable, related
safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged
with governance, we determine those matters that
were of most significance in the audit of the Standalone
Financial Statements of the current period and are
therefore the key audit matters. We describe these
matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation
precludes public disclosure about the matter or when,
in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that
a matter should not be communicated in our report
because the adverse consequences of doing so would
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
benefits of such communication.

Our opinion is not modified in respect of these matters.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1.

As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report)
Order, 2020 (“the Order”) issued by the Central
Government of India in terms of Section 143(11) of
the Act, we give in “Annexure A” a statement on
the matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the
Order, to the extent applicable.

2.

As required by Section 143 (3) of the Act, based on
our audit we report that.

a)

We have sought and obtained all the information
and explanations which to the best of our
knowledge and belief were necessary for the
purposes of our audit;

b)

In our opinion, proper books of account as required
by law have been kept by the Company so far as
it appears from our examination of those books
except for the matters stated in the paragraph
2(j)(vi) below on reporting under Rule11(g) of the
Companies (Audit and Auditor’s) Rules, 2014.

c)

The reports on the accounts of the branch offices
of the Company audited under Section 143(8)
of the Act by branch auditors have been sent to
us and have been properly dealt with by us in
preparing this report.

d)

The Standalone Balance Sheet, the Standalone
Statement of Profit and Loss (including other
comprehensive income), Standalone Statement of
changes in equity and the Standalone Statement
of Cash Flows dealt with by this Report are in
agreement with the books of account.

e)

In our opinion, the aforesaid Standalone Financial
Statements comply with the Indian Accounting
Standards (Ind AS) specified under Section 133 of
the Act.

Other Matters
1.

We did not audit the financial statements of five
branches included in the audited Standalone
Financial Statements of the Company, whose
financial statements reflects total assets of INR
13,867.36 Crores as at March 31, 2024; total
revenues of INR 21,400.76 Crores, total net
profit before tax of INR 7,194.68 Crores, for the
year ended March 31, 2024 as considered in the
respective audited financial statements of the
Branches included in the Standalone Financial
Statements of the Company. The financial
statements of these branches have been audited
by the respective branch auditors whose reports
have been furnished to us, and our opinion in so
far as it relates to the amounts and disclosures
included in respect of these branches, is based
solely on the report of such branch auditors and
the procedures performed by us are as stated

210

The Standalone Financial Statements includes the
audited Standalone Financial Statements for the
year ended March 31, 2023 which was audited
by the predecessor auditor of the Company who
had expressed an unmodified opinion on those
audited Standalone Financial Statements vide their
report dated May 23, 2023. We have audited the
restatement adjustments, as disclosed in Note
2.34.13 to the Standalone Financial Statements,
which have been made to the comparative
Standalone Financial Statements presented for
the years prior to year ended March 31, 2024 in
accordance with the requirements of applicable
Ind AS.

[p.215]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

The provisions of Section 164(2) of the Act, in
respect of disqualification of directors are not
applicable to the company, being a Government
company in terms of notification no: - G.S.R.463(E)
dated 5th June 2015 issued by Ministry of
Corporate Affairs, Government of India.

g)

The modifications relating to the maintenance of
accounts and other matters connected therewith
are as stated in the paragraph 2(b) above on
reporting under Section 143(3)(b) of the Act and
paragraph 2(j)(vi) below on reporting under Rule
11(g) of the Companies (Audit and Auditor’s) Rules,
2014, as amended.

h)

With respect to the adequacy of internal financial
controls with reference to Standalone Financial
Statements of the Company and operating
effectiveness of such controls, refer to our
separate Report in “Annexure -B”, wherein we have
expressed an unmodified opinion.
With respect to the other matters to be included
in the auditor’s report in accordance with the
requirements of Section 197(16) of the Act, as
amended:

a.

Unclaimed amount of dividend:

b.

j)

With respect to the other matters to be included in
the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of
the Companies (Audit and Auditor’s) Rules, 2014,
as amended, in our opinion and to the best of our
information and according to the explanations
given to us:

i.

The Company has disclosed the impact of pending
litigations on its financial position in its Standalone
Financial Statements - Refer Note 2.31 to the
Standalone Financial Statements.

ii.

The company does not have any long-term
contracts including derivative contracts for which
there were any material foreseeable losses.

iii.

There has been delay in transferring amounts,
required to be transferred, to the Investor
Education and Protection Fund by the company as
detailed below:
(INR in Crores)

Year

Amount involved

Due date of amount to be transferred to IEPF

Actual date of transfer

2015-16

0.15

26-Apr-2023

26-Jun-2023

Equity shares related to unclaimed dividend:
Year

No of shares

Due date of shares to be transferred to IEPF

Actual date of transfer

2015-16

3776

26-Apr-2023

07-Jun-2023 & 08-Jun-2023

a.

The management has represented that, to the best
of its knowledge and belief, as disclosed in Note
2.34.17 to the standalone financial statements, no
funds have been advanced or loaned or invested
(either from borrowed funds or share premium
or any other sources or kind of funds) by the
Company to or in any other persons or entities,
including foreign entities (“Intermediaries”) with
the understanding, whether recorded in writing or
otherwise, that the Intermediary shall:

•

Directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons
or entities identified in any manner whatsoever
by or on behalf of the Company (“Ultimate
Beneficiaries”) or

•

Provide any guarantee, security or the like on
behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.

b.

The management has represented, that, to the
best of its knowledge and belief, as disclosed
in Note 2.34.17 to the Standalone Financial

Statements, no funds have been received by the
Company from any persons or entities, including
foreign entities (“Funding Parties”), with the
understanding, whether recorded in writing or
otherwise, that the Company shall:
•

Directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other
persons or entities identified in any manner
whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party
(“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or

•

Provide any guarantee, security or the like on
behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries; and

c.

Based on the audit procedures performed by
us that have been considered reasonable and
appropriate in the circumstances, nothing has
come to our notice that has caused us to believe
that the representations under sub-clause (iv)(a)
and (v)(b) contain any material misstatement.

v.

The interim dividend declared and paid by the
company during the year and until the date of this
audit report is in accordance with section 123 of

211

Financial Statements

iv.

Statutory Reports

i)

We are informed that the provisions of section
197 read with Schedule V of the Act, relating to
managerial remuneration are not applicable to the
company, being a Government Company, in terms
of Ministry of Corporate Affairs notification noG.S.R.463(E) 5th June 2015.

Corporate Overview

f)

[p.216]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

the Act, 2013.

During the course of our audit, we did not come
across any instance of audit trail feature being
tampered with for the period for which audit trail
was enabled.

The final dividend paid by the Company during
the financial year 2023-24 which was declared for
the previous financial year 2022-23 and approved
by the members at Annual General Meeting is in
accordance with section 123 of the Act, to the
extent it applies to payment of dividend.
As stated in note 2.34.24 to the Standalone
Financial Statements, the Board of Directors of
the Company has recommended Final dividend
for the year which is subject to the approval of
the members in ensuing Annual General Meeting.
The dividend declared is in accordance with
section 123 of the Act to the extent it applies to
declaration of dividend.
vi.

Based on our examination which included test
checks and the report of the auditors of the five
branches and according to the information and
explanations given to us, the Company has used
the accounting software for maintaining its books
of account which has a feature of audit trail (edit
log) facility and the same has operated throughout
the year for all the relevant transactions recorded
in such software except that:
The feature of recording audit trail (edit log) at
the data base level to log any direct changes for
the accounting software used for maintaining the
books of account was not enabled.

212

In the first year of applicability, the reporting on
preservation of audit trail for record retention
is not required as per “Implementation guide in
Reporting on Audit Trail under Rule 11(g) of the
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 issued
by ICAI.
3.

We are enclosing our report in terms of section
143(5) of the Act, on the basis of such checks of
books and records of the company as we consider
appropriate and according to the information and
explanations given to us, in “Annexure-C” on the
directions issued by the Comptroller & Auditor
General of India.

For VARMA & VARMA
Chartered Accountants
FRN 004532S

Place: Hyderabad
Date: May 27, 2024

P R Prasanna Varma
Partner
M No. 025854
UDIN: 24025854BKGPYV6233

[p.217]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

ANNEXURE - A

TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
(Referred to in paragraph 1 under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report to the
Members of NMDC Limited of even date on the Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2024)
i.
a)

The Company is maintaining proper records showing full particulars of Intangible assets.
According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records
of the Company, the Company has a regular programme of physical verification of its Property, Plant and
Equipment by which all the Property, Plant and Equipment are physically verified by the management in a
phased manner. In our opinion the periodicity of the physical verification is reasonable having regard to the
size of the company and the nature of Property, Plant and Equipment. In accordance with this program, certain
Property, Plant and Equipment were verified during the year and no material discrepancies have been noticed
on such verification.

c)

According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records
of the company, the title deeds of immovable properties (other than immovable properties where the Company
is the lessee and the lease agreements are duly executed in favour of the lessee) disclosed in the financial
statements are held in the name of the company, except as mentioned in Additional Note 2.1.1 of the Standalone
Financial Statements and as given below:

Description of
property

Gross
carrying
value INR
(In Crores)

Held in name
of

Whether
promoter,
director or
their relative or
employee

Period held
-range.

Reason for not being held in
name of company

KIRANDUL
-

-

No

31-03-2006

Panchnama done by Railway,
Revenue NMDC officials is
available with the Project.

Railway Land

-

-

No

31-03-1986

Panchnama done by Railway
Revenue authorities and NMDC
officials is available with the
Project.

Freehold Land

0.0023

-

No

31-03-1966

Sale Deed available with the
management for total 19.09
Hectares. Appeal against the
order issued by the Tahsildar,
Bade Bacheli is being prepared
by the advisor (Revenue)
and same will be submitted
before the SDM. Bade Bacheli.
The title is not in the name of
Company.

213

Financial Statements

Land at Madadi
Village

Statutory Reports

b)

Corporate Overview

The Company is maintaining proper records showing full particulars, including quantitative details and situation
of Property, Plant & Equipment.

[p.218]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Description of
property
Revenue Land

Gross
carrying
value INR
(In Crores)

Held in name
of

Whether
promoter,
director or
their relative or
employee

-

-

No

Period held
-range.

Reason for not being held in
name of company
File has been sent to Head
Office for approval so that
proper application can be
submitted before district
Administration for the allotment
of Land. It is under Progress.
The title is not in the name of
Company.

BACHELI
Forest Land
for Uniflow Rly.
Dispatch System

0.124

Forest
Department

No

07-06-2002

This is Forest Land. (MOEF
Letter No. 8B/007/2002/
FCW/1313 dated 07.06.2002)

Land for
Shankhni pump
House & pipeline
hect 4.68

0.0103

Forest
Department

No

14-03-2002

This is Forest Land (MOEF
clearance Letter dated
14.03.2002).

Infrastructure
Lond Lease of
Deposit 10(FO)

13.92

Forest
Department

No

10-07-2019

This is Forest Land (MOEF
letter dated 10 July 2019).

PALONCHA
SIU NMDC Ltd,

1.09

TSIIC

No

11.35 Acres

Provisional allotment order has
been issued by TSIIC and not
yet registered

SIU NMDC Ltd,

0.20

TSIIC

No

2.08 Acres

During the survey, 2.08
acres found shortage out of
13.43 acres which is pending
confirmation from TSIIC.

DONIMALAI
Bhujanganagar
land for Township
to the extent of
3.73 acres

-

-

No

17-03-1971

The Company is in the
possession of Land allotment
letter/ land sanction letter.
Mutation of the same is
pending.

Bhujanganagar
land for Township
to the extent of
11.23 acres

-

-

No

07-07-1972

The Company is in the
possession of Land allotment
letter/ land sanction letter.
Mutation of the same is
pending.

Bhujanganagar
land for Township
to the extent of
2.22 acres

-

-

No

17-03-1971

The Company is in the
possession of Land allotment
letter/ land sanction letter.
Mutation of the same is
pending.

214

[p.219]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Period held
-range.

Reason for not being held in
name of company

-

-

No

15-02-1971

The Company is in the
possession of Land allotment
letter/ land sanction letter.
Mutation of the same is
pending.

Ranajithpur land
for Pellet plant to
the extent of 8.31
acres

-

-

No

03-05-1976

The Company is in the
possession of Land allotment
letter/ land sanction letter.
Mutation of the same is
pending.

Narasingapura
and
Bhujanganagar
for bore hole to
the extent of
0.037 acres

-

-

No

NA

The Company is in the
possession of Land allotment
letter/ land sanction letter.
Mutation of the same is
pending.

Bhujanganagar
land for Township
to the extent of
6.94 acres

Description of
property

Corporate Overview

Held in name
of

Whether
promoter,
director or
their relative or
employee

Gross
carrying
value INR
(In Crores)

HEAD OFFICE
-

No

17-09-1981

Revenue Authority inspected
the Building Premises &
Documents. Mutation is
pending.

NMDC Guest,
House, Plot
No.7 Road No.2,
Banjara Hills,
Hyderabad-33

-

-

No

15-02-1995

Revenue Authority inspected
the Building Premises &
Documents. Mutation is
pending.

NMDC Guest,
House, Plot
No.16 Road No.2,
Banjara Hills,
Hyderabad-33

-

-

No

17-12-1994

Revenue Authority inspected
the Building Premises &
Documents. Mutation is
pending.

NMDC Guest,
House, Plot
No.18 Road No.2,
Banjara Hills,
Hyderabad-33

-

-

No

17-12-1994

Revenue Authority inspected
the Building Premises &
Documents. Waiting for
mutation papers

NMDC Guest,
House, Plot
No.19 Road No.2,
Banjara Hills,
Hyderabad-33

-

-

No

17-12-1994

Revenue Authority inspected
the Building Premises &
Documents. Mutation is
pending.

NMDC Guest,
House, Plot
No.20 Road No.2,
Banjara Hills,
Hyderabad-33

-

-

No

17-12-1994

Revenue Authority inspected
the Building Premises &
Documents. Mutation is
pending.

215

Financial Statements

-

Statutory Reports

Hyderabad
Corporate
Office, NMDC
Ltd., 10-3-311/A,
Castle Hills,
Masab Tank,
Hyderabad-28

[p.220]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Held in name
of

Whether
promoter,
director or
their relative or
employee

Period held
-range.

Reason for not being held in
name of company

-

-

No

17-12-1994

Revenue Authority inspected
the Building Premises &
Documents. Mutation is
pending.

NMDC Guest,
House, Plot
No.22 Road No.2,
Banjara Hills,
Hyderabad-33

-

-

No

17-12-1994

Revenue Authority inspected
the Building Premises &
Documents. Mutation is
pending.

Transit Camp,
Flat No.24,
Kranthi Shikara
Apartments,
Panjagutta,
Hyderabad-82 .

-

-

No

19-08-1992

Revenue Authority inspected
the Building Premises &
Documents. Mutation is
pending.

Patancheru,
Survey No.420
& 425
Hyderabad-502
032

-

-

No

18-07-2019

Mutation is pending.

Guest House
Plot No.8 H.I.G
Jubilee Hills

-

-

No

23-03-2022

Mutation is pending.

10-08-1990

Mutation is pending.

Gross
carrying
value INR
(In Crores)

NMDC Guest,
House, Plot
No.21 Road No.2,
Banjara Hills,
Hyderabad-33

Description of
property

R&D CENTRE
NPD LAB

-

-

No

d)

According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of
the Company, the Company has not revalued its Property, Plant and Equipment (including Right-of-use assets)
or Intangible assets or both during the year.

e)

According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records
of the Company, there are no proceedings initiated or are pending against the Company for holding any benami
property under The Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 and rules made thereunder.

ii.
a)

According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of
the Company, physical verification of inventory has been conducted at reasonable intervals by the management
and in our opinion, the coverage and procedure of such verification by the management is appropriate and
there are no discrepancies of 10% or more in aggregate for each class of inventory.

b)

In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our
examination of the records of the Company, the Company has not been sanctioned working capital limits in
excess of INR 5 Crores, in aggregate, from the bank or financial institutions on the basis of security of current
assets as per terms of sanction. Hence, reporting under paragraph 3(ii)(b) of the order is not applicable.

iii.
a.

According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records
of the Company, the Company has made investments in, provided guarantee or security or granted loans or
advances in the nature of loans, secured or unsecured to, companies, or any other parties and the details are
given below:

216

[p.221]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

A.

The aggregate amount during the year and balance outstanding at the balance sheet date with respect to such
loans or advances and guarantees or security to subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates (Refer note 2.32.5
of the Standalone Financial Statements):
(INR in Crores)

S.
No
1

Particulars

Guarantees

Advances in the nature
of loans

Loans

-

104.94

-

1.68

Joint ventures

-

-

-

-

0.01

Associates

-

-

-

-

-

Balance outstanding as at balance sheet date in respect of above cases:
Subsidiaries

0.34

-

357.45

-

668.51

Joint ventures

504.23

-

251.03

-

55.81

-

-

418.98

-

-

Corporate Overview

0.34

Associates
B.

Investments

Aggregate amount granted/provided during the Year:
Subsidiaries

2

Security

The aggregate amount during the year, and balance outstanding at the balance sheet date with respect to such
loans or advances and guarantees or security to any other entity:
(INR in Crores)

1

2

Particulars

Guarantees

Security

Investments

Loans

Advances

Aggregate amount granted/provided during the Year
Entity under common control (Refer Note
2.32.5)

-

-

-

-

250.04

Employee Loans
(including interest accrued during the year)

-

-

-

56.14

-

Statutory Reports

Sl
No

Balance outstanding as at balance sheet date in respect of above cases
-

-

-

-

2,588.72

Employee Loans
(including interest accrued as at the yearend)

-

-

-

92.69

-

b)

According to the information and explanations given to us and based on the audit procedures conducted by
us, we are of the opinion that the investments made, guarantees provided, and the terms and conditions of
the loans and advances in the nature of loans and guarantees provided during the year are prima facie, not
prejudicial to the interest of the Company.

c)

According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records
of the company, schedule of repayment of principal has not been stipulated in respect of loans and advances
in the nature of loans granted by the Company to subsidiaries, joint ventures & commonly controlled entities.
There is schedule of repayment of principal and payment of interest prescribed in respect of loans granted by
the Company to employees and the repayments are generally regular.

d)

According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records
of the Company, no loan or advances in the nature of loan granted by the Company for which schedule of
repayment has been stipulated is overdue.

e)

According to the information and explanation given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records
of the Company, there are no loan and advances given falling due during the year, which has been renewed or
extended or fresh loan granted to settle the over dues of existing loans given to the same party.

217

Financial Statements

Entity under common control (Refer Note
2.32.5)

[p.222]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

f)

According to the information and explanation given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of
the Company, the Company has granted loans or advances in the nature of loans without specifying any terms
or period of repayment, to wholly owned Subsidiaries, Joint ventures, Associate companies and entity under
common control, without specifying any terms or period as stated in note 2.32.5 of the Standalone Financial
Statements and the details of which are given below. There was no loan given to such parties which was
repayable on demand,
Particulars

Related Parties

Promoters

Aggregate amount of loans/advances in nature of loans

-

-

A). Repayable on demand

-

-

B). Agreement does not specify any terms or period of repayment

3,313.04

-

Total (A+B)

3,313.04

-

97.28%

-

Percentage of loans /advances in the nature of loans to the total loans
iv.

According to the information and explanation given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records,
the Company has complied with the provisions of Section 185 and 186 of the Act, in respect of loans granted,
investments made, guarantees and securities provided, as applicable.

v.

In our opinion and according to information and explanations given to us, the Company has not accepted any
deposits or amounts which are deemed to be deposits from the public. As such, the directives issued by the
Reserve Bank of India, the provisions of Sections 73 to 76 or any other relevant provisions of the Act and
the rules framed thereunder are not applicable to the Company. Accordingly, clause 3(v) of the order is not
applicable.

vi.

According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records
of the Company, the Central Government has prescribed the maintenance of cost records under section 148(1)
of the Act, for the business activities carried out by the Company. We are of the opinion that prima facie the
Company is generally maintaining these cost records. We have not, however, made detailed examination of the
records with a view to determine whether they are accurate and complete

vii.
a)

According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records
of the Company, the Company is generally regular in depositing undisputed statutory dues including Goods
and Services Tax, provident fund, employees state insurance, income tax, service tax, duty of customs, duty of
excise, value added tax, cess, royalty and any other statutory dues where applicable to it with the appropriate
authorities during the year.
There are no undisputed material amounts of above statutory dues payable which were in arrears as at 31st
March 2024 for a period of more than six months from the date they became payable.

b)

According to the information and explanations given to us, there are no statutory dues referred in clause 3(vii)
(a) above which have not been deposited by the Company on account of disputes, except for the following:
Name of statute

Nature of
Dues

Period

Forum where Dispute
isPending

Amount (net
of deposit)
(INR. In Crore)

HEAD OFFICE
Income Tax Act, 1961

Income Tax & Interest FY 2014-15 & FY
thereon
2015-16

Principal Commissioner
of Income Tax

Goods & Services Tax

Goods & Services
Tax & penalty

FY 2017-18

Joint Commissioner
(Appeals)

1.34

Income Tax Act, 1961

Withholding tax

FY 2023-24 &
earlier years

Demand in TRACES
portal. Company is in
the process of filing
rectification after
reconciling liability with
books

1.65

218

30.26

[p.223]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Name of statute

Nature of
Dues

Period

Forum where Dispute
isPending

Amount (net
of deposit)
(INR. In Crore)

KIRANDUL
Hon’ble High
Court of Bilaspur

6.04

Nagar palika,
Kirandul

Interest on Export
Tax

1995-96 to 202224

Hon’ble High
Court of Bilaspur

16.37

Nagar palika,
Kirandul

Conservancy Tax

1997-98 to 202021

Hon’ble High
Court of Bilaspur

1.83

Nagar palika,
Kirandul

Property Tax

2013-14 to 202021

Hon’ble High
Court of Bilaspur

204.21

Service Tax

Service tax on
Railway
freight refund

July 2012

Service Tax
Appellate Tribunal

8.81

Service Tax

Interest on Service
tax Railway freight
Refund

July, 2012 to
March, 2024

Service Tax
Appellate Tribunal

13.93

GST Authority

Differential GST
July, 2017 to
underRCM on Royalty December,
charges (Including
2018
DMF & NMET) in
respect of licensing
services for right
to use minerals
including exploration
and evaluation.

Hon’be High
Court of Bilaspur

90.02

District Collector
Dantewada

Common Cause
Notice
(net of amount paid
under protest of INR.
174 Cr)

FY 2018-19

Hon’be High
Court of Bilaspur

317.47

Central Goods &
Service Tax & Central
Excise

GST Demand

FY 2017-18 to FY
2019-20

Appellate authority
of Central Goods &
Service Tax & Central
Excise

151.56

Central Goods &
Service Tax & Central
Excise

GST Demand

FY 2017-18 to
July, 21

Principal Commissioner
of Central Goods &
Service Tax & Central
Excise

19.04

DONIMALAI
Karnataka
Forest Act 1963

Forest
Development Tax
(* Net of amounts
paid under protest
INR. 139.77 Cr)

FY 2008-09 to
FY 2010-11

Hon’ble Supreme
Court of India

383.46*

Central Excise,
Customs and
Service Tax

Service tax

FY 2012-13 to
FY 2017-18

Commissioner
of Central
Excise (Appeals)

0.27

219

Financial Statements

1995-96 to 202324

Statutory Reports

Export Tax

Corporate Overview

Nagar palika,
Kirandul

[p.224]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Name of statute

Nature of
Dues

Period

Forum where Dispute
isPending

Amount (net
of deposit)
(INR. In Crore)

Central Excise,
Customs and
Service Tax

Service Tax

FY 2013-14 to
FY 2017-18

CESTAT

1.30

Mines & Minerals
Development and
Regulations Act

Interest on Royalty

FY 2009-10 to
FY 2011-12

Honorable High court of
Karnataka

12.25

Goods & Services Tax

Goods & Service Tax

FY 2017-18

Commissioner of
Central tax (Appeal)

2.57

Goods & Services Tax

Goods & Service Tax

FY 2017-18

Commissioner of
Central tax (Appeal)

0.68

Goods & Services Tax

Goods & Service Tax

FY 2017-18

Commissioner of
Central tax (Appeal)

0.54

Goods & Services Tax

Goods & Service Tax

FY 2017-18

Honorable High court of
Karnataka

83.58

Goods & Services Tax

Goods & Service Tax

FY 2017-18,
FY 2018-19,
FY 2019-20

Honorable High court of
Karnataka

88.23

PANNA
Commercial Tax

Sales & Entry tax

2014-15

DCIT, Sagar

0.048

Commercial Tax

Sales & Entry tax

2013-14

DCIT, Sagar

0.23

BACHELI
Nagarpalika,
Bacheli

Export tax

March’2010 to
March’2024

Hon’ble High
Court of Bilaspur

1.59

Nagar Palika,
Bacheli

Property Tax on
residential Building
Area, Mining land
area, Consolidated
tax etc.

FY 2015-16

Hon’ble High
Court, Bilaspur

26.12

Service tax

Service tax on
security services

July 2012 to
June 2017

CESTAT,
New Delhi

2.22

Service tax

Service tax on
Railway freight
refund

July 2012

Service tax
appellate tribunal

33.57

Service tax

Interest on service
tax on Railway
Freight refund

July 2012 to
March 2024

Service tax
appellate tribunal

50.88

Goods & Service Tax

Interest on GST for
DMF and NMET

01.07.2017 to
28.02.2020

GST Authority

9.30

Goods & Service Tax

Service tax on
October, 2014 to
providing rent a cab
June, 2017
operator service
for the period from
October 2014 to June
2017

Principal Commissioner
of Central Goods &
Service Tax & Central
Excise

0.165

220

[p.225]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Name of statute

Nature of
Dues

Period

Forum where Dispute
isPending

Amount (net
of deposit)
(INR. In Crore)

July 2017 to July
2021

Principal Commissioner
of Central Goods &
Service Tax & Central
Excise

18.24

Goods & Service Tax

Differential GST
under RCM on
Royalty charges
(Including DMF &
NMET)

July, 2017 to
December,
2018

Hon’ble High
Court of Bilaspur

130.96

Goods & Service Tax

GST on CAMPA
fund, and other GST
matters

2017 -2019

Principal Commissioner
of Central Goods &
Service Tax & Central
Excise

5.62

Nagar palika,
Bacheli

Interest on Export
Tax

March 2010 to
March 2024

Hon’ble High
Court of Bilaspur

2.02

District Collector,
Dantewada

Common
FY 2018-19
cause notice
(* Net of amount paid
under protest of INR.
426 Cr)

Hon’ble high
court of Bilaspur

705.97*

RO VIZAG
Demand cum show
cause Notice for
service Tax on
Screening of ore
2007-08 to 2011-12

FY 2007-08 to
FY 2011-12

Customs, Excise and
Service tax
appellate
tribunal

3.75

Service Tax
Authority

Service Tax

FY 2017-18

Customs, Excise and
Service tax
appellate
tribunal

3.54

Commissioner
of Customs

Custom Duty

FY 2021-22

The case is
heard by
Appellate
Authority and the
company is
in the process of
filing with CESTAT
Hyderabad

2.13

Directorate of
Revenue
Intelligence

DRI cases

FY 2012-13

Customs, Excise and
Service tax
appellate
tribunal

2.59

Directorate of
Revenue
Intelligence

DRI cases

FY 2011-12

AP High Court.

4.67

221

Financial Statements

Service Tax
Authority

Statutory Reports

GST under RCM
against payment
made towards
Infrastructure cess
and Environmental
cess for the period
from July 2017 to
June 2021

Corporate Overview

Goods & Service Tax

[p.226]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

viii. In our opinion and according to the information
and explanations given to us and on the basis of
our examination of the records of the Company,
the Company has not surrendered or disclosed as
income, any transaction not recorded in the books
of account, during the year in the tax assessments
under the Income tax Act, 1961. Accordingly, the
reporting under clause 3(viii) of the Order is not
applicable.
ix.
a)

In our opinion and according to the information
and explanations give to us and on the basis of our
examination of the records of the Company, the
Company has not defaulted in repayment of loans
or other borrowings or in the payment of interest
thereon to any lender during the year.

b)

According to the information and explanations give
to us and on the basis of our examination of the
records of the Company, the Company has not
been declared a wilful defaulter by any bank or
financial institution or other lender.

c)

The Company has not taken any term loan during
the year and there are no outstanding term loans
at the beginning of the year and hence, reporting
under Clause 3(ix)(c) of the Order is not applicable.

d)

According to the information and explanations
given to us and the procedures performed by
us and on an overall examination of the financial
statements of the Company, funds raised on short
term basis have not been utilized during the year
for long term purposes.

e)

According to the information and explanations
given to us and on an overall examination of the
financial statements of the company, we report
that the Company has not taken any funds from
any entity or person on account of or to meet the
obligation of its subsidiaries, associates or joint
ventures as defined under the Act. Accordingly,
Clause 3(ix)(e) of the Order is not applicable.

f)

According to the information and explanations
given to us and procedures performed by us, we
report that the Company has not raised loans
during the year on the pledge of securities held
in its subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures
as defined under the Companies Act, 2013.
Accordingly, clause 3(ix)(f) of the order is not
applicable.

x.
a)

According to the information and explanations
given to us and the procedures performed by us,
we report that the Company has not raised any
moneys by way of initial public offer or further
public offer (including debt instruments) during the
year. Accordingly, Clause 3(x)(a) of the order is not
applicable.

222

b)

According to the information and explanations
given to us and on the basis of our examination
of the records of the Company, the Company has
not made any preferential allotment or private
placement of shares or convertible debentures
(fully, partially or optionally convertible) during the
year. Accordingly, Clause 3(x)(b) of the order is not
applicable.

xi.
a)

According to the information and explanations
given to us and on the basis of our examination
of the books and records of the Company and
in accordance with generally accepted audit
practices, we report that no fraud by the Company
or on the Company has been noticed or reported
during the year.

b)

As per the information and explanations given to
us and as per the verifications carried out by us,
there was no reporting under sub-section (12) of
section 143 of the Company Act, 2013 in Form
ADT -4 as prescribed under Rule 13 of Companies
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 with the Central
Government.

c)

As per the information and explanations given
to us, there are no whistle blower complaints
received by the Company during the year.
Accordingly, clause 3(xi)(c) of the order is not
applicable.

xii.

The Company is not a Nidhi Company. Accordingly,
Clause 3(xii)(a) to Clause 3(xii)(c) of the order is
not applicable.

xiii. In our opinion and according to the information
and explanations given to us, the transactions
with related parties are in compliance with section
177 and 188 of the Act, wherever applicable and
the requisite details have been disclosed in the
Standalone Financial Statements, as required by
the applicable Indian Accounting Standards.
xiv.
a)

In our opinion and based on our examination,
the Company has an internal audit system
commensurate with the size and nature of its
business.

b)

We have considered the reports of Internal
Auditors for the year under audit, issued to the
Company during the year and till date.

xv.

In our opinion and according to the information
and explanations given us, the Company has not
entered into any non-cash transactions with its
directors or persons or persons connected to its
directors covered under section 192 of the Act.
Accordingly, clause 3(xv) of the Order are not
applicable.

[p.227]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

xvi.
In our opinion and according to the information
and explanations given to us, the Company is not
required to be registered under section 45-IA of
the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. Accordingly,
Clause 3(xvi)(a) of the order is not applicable.

b.

According to the information and explanations
provided to us, the Company has not conducted
any Non-Banking Financial or Housing Finance
activities, therefore the Company is not required to
be registered under section 45-IA of the Reserve
Bank of India Act, 1934. Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)
(b) of the Order is not applicable.

c.

The Company is not a Core Investment Company
(CIC) as defined in the regulations made by the
Reserve Bank of India. Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)
(c) of the order is not applicable.

d.

In our opinion, there is no core investment
company within the Group (as defined in the Core
Investment Companies (Reserve Bank) Directions,
2016. Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)(d) of the order is
not applicable.

a.

In our opinion and according to the information
and explanations given to us, in respect of other
than ongoing projects, there has been no unspent
amount which are required to be transferred to a
Fund specified in Schedule VII of the Act pursuant
to second proviso to sub-section (5) of section
135 of the Act. Accordingly, clause 3(xx)(a) of the
order is not applicable.

b.

In our opinion and according to the information
and explanations given to us, in respect of ongoing
projects, the Company has transferred unspent
amount to a special account within thirty days from
the end of the financial year in compliance with the
provisions of sub-section 6 of section 135 of the
said Act.

xviii. There has been no resignation of the statutory
auditors during the year, Accordingly, Clause
3(xviii) of the order is not applicable.

For VARMA & VARMA
Chartered Accountants
FRN 004532S

Place: Hyderabad
Date: May 27, 2024

P R Prasanna Varma
Partner
M No. 025854
UDIN: 24025854BKGPYV6233

223

Financial Statements

xix. According to the information and explanations
given to us and on the basis of the financial
ratios, ageing and expected date of realisation
of financial assets and payments of financial
liabilities, other information accompanying the
financial statements, our knowledge of the Board
of Directors and management plans and based
on our examination of the evidence supporting
the assumptions, nothing has come to our

Statutory Reports

xvii. Based on our examination of the books and
records of the Company, the Company has not
incurred cash losses in the current financial year
and in the immediately preceding financial year.
Accordingly, clause 3(xvii) of the order is not
applicable.

xx.

Corporate Overview

a.

attention, which causes us to believe that any
material uncertainty exists as on the date of the
audit report that the Company is not capable
of meeting its liabilities existing at the date of
balance sheet date. We however, state that this
is not an assurance as to the future viability of
the Company. We further state that our reporting
is based on the facts up to the date of the audit
report and we neither give any guarantee nor any
assurance that all liabilities falling due within a
period of one year from the balance sheet date will
get discharged by the Company as and when they
fall due.

[p.228]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

ANNEXURE B

TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
(Referred to in paragraph 2(h) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report to
the Members of NMDC Limited of even date on the Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended March 31,
2024)

Report on the Internal Financial Controls with
reference to Standalone Financial Statements under
Clause (i) of Sub- section 3 of Section 143 of the
Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”)
We have audited the internal financial controls with
reference to Standalone Financial Statements of NMDC
Limited (“the Company”) as of March 31, 2024, in
conjunction with our audit of the Standalone Financial
Statements of the company for the year ended on that
date.
Management’s Responsibilities for Internal Financial
Controls
The Company’s Management and Board of Directors
are responsible for establishing and maintaining
internal financial controls based on the internal control
over financial reporting criteria established by the
Company considering the essential components of
internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit
of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of
India (‘ICAI’). These responsibilities include the design,
implementation and maintenance of adequate internal
financial controls that were operating effectively
for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of
its business, including adherence to the respective
company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets,
the prevention and detection of frauds and errors,
the accuracy and completeness of the accounting
records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial
information, as required under the Act.
Auditors’ Responsibilities for the audit of Internal
Financial Controls with reference to Standalone
Financial Statements
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
internal financial controls with reference to Standalone
Financial Statements of the Company based on our
audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls
Over Financial Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) issued
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and
the Standards on Auditing prescribed under section
143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable to an audit
of internal financial controls. Those Standards and the
Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical
requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal
financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial

224

Statements were established and maintained and if such
controls operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain
audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal
financial controls system with reference to Standalone
Financial Statements and their operating effectiveness.
Our audit of internal financial controls with reference
to Standalone Financial Statements included obtaining
an understanding of internal financial controls with
reference to Standalone Financial Statements, assessing
the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing
and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness
of internal control based on the assessed risk. The
procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgment,
including the assessment of the risks of material
misstatement of the Standalone Financial Statements,
whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained,
and the audit evidence obtained by branch auditor in
terms of their reports referred to in the “Other Matters”
paragraph below is sufficient and appropriate to provide
a basis for our audit opinion on the Company’s internal
financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial
Statements.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with reference
to Standalone Financial Statements
A company’s internal financial control with reference to
Standalone Financial Statements is a process designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of standalone financial reporting and the preparation of
Standalone Financial Statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. A company’s internal financial control with
reference to Standalone Financial Statements includes
those policies and procedures that,
1.

Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company.

2.

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts
and expenditures of the company are being
made only in accordance with authorizations of
management and directors of the company; and

[p.229]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

3.

Provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s
assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements.

Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls with
reference to Standalone Financial Statements

Other Matters
Our aforesaid report under Section 143(3)(i) of the Act
on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the
Internal financial controls with reference to Standalone
Financial Statements of the Company, in so far as it
relates to 5 Branches, is based on the corresponding
reports of the branch auditors of the Company.
Our report is not modified in respect of the above
matters.

For VARMA & VARMA
Chartered Accountants
FRN 004532S

Opinion

Place: Hyderabad
Date: May 27, 2024

P R Prasanna Varma
Partner
M No. 025854
UDIN: 24025854BKGPYV6233

Statutory Reports

In our opinion, to the best of our information and
according to the explanations given to us, the Company
has, in all material respects, an adequate internal
financial controls system with reference to Standalone
Financial Statements and such internal financial controls
with reference to Standalone Financial Statements
were operating effectively as at March 31, 2024, based

Corporate Overview

Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial
controls with reference to Standalone Financial
Statements, including the possibility of collusion or
improper management override of controls, material
misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and
not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation
of the internal financial controls with reference to
Standalone Financial Statements to future periods are
subject to the risk that the internal financial control
with reference to Standalone Financial Statements may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate.

on the internal control over financial reporting criteria
established by the Company considering the essential
components of internal control stated in the “Guidance
Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over
Financial Reporting” issued by the Institute of Chartered
Accountants of India.

Financial Statements

225

[p.230]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

ANNEXURE C

TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
(Referred to in paragraph 3 under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report to the
Members of NMDC Limited of even date on the Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2024)
Report on the Directions of the Comptroller and Auditor General of India required under sub section 5 of Section
143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) based on the audit carried out by us and considering the report of the 5
Branch Auditors.
Sl.no
1.

2.

3.

226

Directions u/s 143(5) of the Companies
Act, 2013

Auditor’s reply on action taken on directions

Whether the company has system in place
to process all the accounting transactions
through IT system? If yes, the implications
of processing of accounting transactions
outside IT system on the integrity of
the accounts along with the financial
implications, if any, may be stated.

According to the information and explanations given to
us and on the basis of our examination, all the accounting
transactions are processed through IT system, except for
process such as inventory valuation and costing that is
carried out manually with checks and controls in place.

Whether there is any restructuring of an
existing loan or cases of waiver /write off
of debts / loans / interest etc. made by a
lender to the company due to the company’s
inability to repay the loan? If yes, the
financial impact may be stated. Whether
such cases are properly accounted for? (In
case, lender is a Government company, then
this direction is also applicable for statutory
auditor of lender company).

Based on the audit procedures carried out and as per the
information and explanations given to us, there was no
restructuring of existing loans or cases of waiver/write off
of debts/ loans/ interest etc. made by the lender to the
company due to the company’s inability to repay the loan.

Whether funds (grants/ subsidy etc.)
received /receivable for specific schemes
from central/ state Government or its
agencies were properly accounted for/
utilized as per its term and conditions? List
the cases of deviation.

According to the information, explanations given to us
and examination of books of accounts, the company has
not received any grants / subsidy from Central or State
Government or its agencies.

Based on audit procedures performed, there are no
financial implications identified in respect carrying value
of inventory recognized in the books of account as at the
year end. Accordingly, there are no implications on the
integrity of the accounts.

As per the information and explanations furnished to us
and a per the verification carried out by us, there was no
restructuring of an existing loan or case of waiver/ writeoff of loan given by the Company.

[p.231]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

4.

The accounting treatment of Statutory
dues amounting to INR 144.62 crores paid
under protest may be examined and if
some discrepancy is found, the same may
be commented upon suitably. [Additional
Direction specific to NMDC Limited
(Standalone) vide communication DGCA/A/C
Desk/2023-24/3.13 dated 7th May 2024]

According to the information furnished to us, the company
has paid an amount of INR 144.62 Crores under protest
against the demand raised by the Government of
Chattisgarh towards Forest Transit Fee, which has been
disputed by the Company before Hon’ble High Court of
Chattisgarh, on the ground of retrospective levy which
is not valid under the law and also that transit passes
were not issued. Further, in terms of the agreement with
customers, the transit fee is to be borne by the customer.

Accordingly, in our opinion, there is no discrepancy in the
accounting treatment.

Place: Hyderabad
Date: May 27, 2024

P R Prasanna Varma
Partner
M No. 025854
UDIN: 24025854BKGPYV6233

Statutory Reports

For VARMA & VARMA
Chartered Accountants
FRN 004532S

Corporate Overview

In view of the above and based on a legal opinion obtained
by the company, the Company did not recognize it in its
accounts as an expense and the corresponding liability,
but has disclosed in the Notes to the Standalone Financial
Statements as a “Claim not acknowledged as debt” under
Contingent Liabilities (to the extent not provided for), in
accordance with the requirements of Schedule III to the
Companies Act 2013 and the applicable Ind AS.

Financial Statements

227

[p.232]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

BALANCE SHEET
AS AT 31ST MARCH 2024

INR in crore

Particulars

Note
No.

Figures as at the end of
current reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the end of
previous reporting year
31st March 2023 (*)

Figures as at
1st April 2022
(*)

2,456.73
42.33
3,230.51
663.59
4.14

2,378.56
6.98
1,961.72
628.33
6.49

2,381.73
8.15
1,298.48
443.89
5.00

991.65
724.43
2,609.89
265.89
2,952.93
13,942.09

886.72
705.06
2,605.11
297.50
2,663.31
12,139.78

987.32
682.99
589.75
568.94
2,103.88
9,070.13

2,738.92

2,660.58

2,125.21

3,499.21
18.72
12,254.23
335.80
830.69
1,728.45
0.98
21,407.00
35,349.09

4,361.23
77.59
6,970.45
542.01
1,121.82
1,772.79
0.66
17,507.13
29,646.91

4,190.45
82.92
7,856.48
593.08
899.86
1,169.86
0.81
16,918.67
25,988.80

293.07
25,112.71
25,405.78

293.07
22,039.24
22,332.31

293.07
17,582.19
17,875.26

1.67
150.28
1,430.75
1,582.70

4.74
150.28
1,255.56
1,410.58

5.85
150.28
1,092.00
1,248.13

3,356.54
0.30

2,121.19
1.47

3,028.65
1.45

28.29

25.23

26.59

344.23

400.53

637.86

1,119.10
3,024.18
254.41
233.56
8,360.61
9,943.31
35,349.09
-

896.53
2,335.84
123.23
5,904.02
7,314.60
29,646.91
-

521.42
2,635.05
14.39
6,865.41
8,113.54
25,988.80
-

ASSETS
1) Non-Current Assets
a) Property plant & equipment
2.1.1
b) Right- of -Use Assets
2.1.2
c) Capital work-in- progress
2.2
d) Other intangible assets
2.3
e) Intangible assets under development
2.4
f) Financial assets
i) Investments
2.4.1
ii) Loans
2.4.2
iii) Other Financial Assets
2.4.3
g) Deferred tax assets (Net)
2.5
h) Other non-current assets
2.6
Total non-current assets
2) Current Assets :
a) Inventories
2.7
b) Financial assets
i) Investment
2.8.1a
ii) Trade receivables
2.8.1b
iii) Cash and cash equivalents
2.8.2
iv) Bank balances other than (iii) above
2.8.3
v) Other financial assets
2.8.4
c) Current tax assets (Net)
2.9
d) Other current assets
2.10
e) Assets held for disposal
2.11
Total current assets
Total Assets
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
a) Equity share capital
2.12
b) Other equity
2.13
Total equity
LIABILITIES
1) Non- Current Liabilities
a) Financial liabilities
i) Borrowings
2.14.1
ia) Lease Liability
2.14.2
ii) Other Financial liabilities
2.14.3
b) Provisions
2.14.4
Total non-current liabilities
2) Current Liabilties
a) Financial liabilities
i) Borrowings
2.15.1
ia) Lease Liability
2.15.2
ii) Trade payables
2.15.3
a) Total Outstanding dues of Micro Enterprises and Small
Enterprises
b) Total Outstanding dues of Creditors other than Micro
Enterprises and Small Enterprises
iii) Other financial liabilities
2.15.4
b) Other current liabilties
2.16
c) Provisions
2.17.1
d) Current Tax Liabilities (Net)
2.17.2
Total current liabilities
Total liabilities
Total equity and liabilities
(*) - Restated as per Note No. 2.34.13
Material Accounting Policy information and notes to Financial Statements : 1.2 & 2
For and on behalf of the Board

(DILIP KUMAR MOHANTY)
Director (Production)
DIN: 09296720
(AS PARDHA SARADHI)
ED & Company Secretary
Place: Hyderabad
Dated: 27th May 2024

228

As per separate report of even dated attached
For M/s Varma & Varma,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Regn No: 004532S
(AMITAVA MUKHERJEE)
Chairman-Cum-Managing Director (Additional Charge),
Director (Finance)
DIN: 08265207

(P R PRASANNA VARMA)
Partner
Membership No: 025854

[p.233]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS
FOR YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2024

Particulars

(DILIP KUMAR MOHANTY)
Director (Production)
DIN: 09296720

2.18
2.19

21,293.81
1,355.54
22,649.35

17,666.88
747.85
18,414.73

2.20

20.97
588.34
(66.08)
1,619.44
168.08
246.15
9,214.13
329.52
78.24
337.05
1,818.06
14,353.90
8,295.45
(282.15)
8,013.30

70.59
556.34
(496.33)
1,526.50
144.07
209.93
7,725.04
263.00
75.23
335.41
1,604.70
12,014.48
6,400.25
1,237.27
7,637.52

2,117.62
231.18
31.62
2,380.42
5,632.88
(1.32)
(0.33)
(0.99)
5,631.89

1,664.65
172.13
271.43
2,108.21
5,529.31
(0.91)
(0.23)
(0.68)
5,528.63

(50.91)

39.65

12.81
(38.10)
5,593.79

(9.98)
29.67
5,558.30

2.32.6
2.32.6

19.22
19.22

18.86
18.86

2.32.6
2.32.6

(0.00)
(0.00)

(0.00)
(0.00)

2.32.6
2.32.6

19.22
19.22

18.86
18.86

2.21
2.22
2.23
2.24
2.25
2.26
2.1 & 2.3
2.27

2.28

2.29
2.29

As per separate report of even dated attached
For M/s Varma & Varma,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Regn No: 004532S
(AMITAVA MUKHERJEE)
Chairman-Cum-Managing Director (Additional Charge),
Director (Finance)
DIN: 08265207

(P R PRASANNA VARMA)
Partner
Membership No: 025854

(AS PARDHA SARADHI)
ED & Company Secretary
Place: Hyderabad
Dated: 27th May 2024

229

Financial Statements

For and on behalf of the Board

Figures for
the previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Statutory Reports

IX. Profit for the year from continuting operations (VII-VIII)
X. Profit / (Loss) from discontinued operations
XI. Tax expense of discontinued operations
XII Net Profit/(loss) from discontinued operations (X-XI)
XIII Profit for the year (IX + XII)
Other Comprehensive Income
(i) Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss (Re-measurements of post-employment
benefit obligations)
(ii) Income tax relating to these items
XIV Other Comprehensive income net of tax
Total Comprehensive income for the year (XIII + XIV)
(Comprising Profit (Loss) and Other Comprehensive Income for the year)
Earnings per equity share (for continuing operation)
i) Basic
ii) Diluted
Earnings per equity share (for discontinued operation)
i) Basic
ii) Diluted
Earnings per equity share (for discontinued & continuing operation)
i) Basic
ii) Diluted
Material Accounting Policy information and notes to Financial Statements : 1.2 & 2

Figures for
the current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Note No

Corporate Overview

I. Revenue from operations
II. Other Income
III. Total Income (I+II)
IV. Expenses :
Consumption of raw materials
Consumption of stores & spares (Refer Note - 2.30)
Changes in inventories of finished goods/ work in progress
Employee benefit expense
Power and electricity
Repairs & maintenance
Royalty & other levies (Refer Note - 2.34.14)
Selling expenses
Finance cost
Depreciation and amortization expense
Other expenses
Total expenses
V. Profit before exceptional items and tax (III-IV)
VI.Exceptional items Income / (Expenditure)
VII. Profit before tax (V+VI)
VIII. Tax expense :
(1) Current year
(2) Earlier years (net) (Refer Note - 2.34.1)
(3) Deferred tax

INR in crore

[p.234]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2024
a) Equity Share Capital

INR in crores
Particulars

Note No.

Balance as at 1st April 2022

Amount

2.12

293.07

2.12

293.07

Changes in Equity share capital
Balance as at 31st March 2023
Changes in Equity share capital

-

Balance as at 31 March 2024

293.07

st

b) 2.13 Other Equity
Particulars
Balance as at 1st April 2022

General
Reserve
15,617.90

Profit for the year

Retained
earnings

Capital
Redemption
Reserve

Other
Comprehensive
Income

103.40

(164.62)

2,025.51
5,528.63

29.67

Interim dividend (2022-23)

17,582.19
5,528.63

Other Comprehensive Income net of tax
Demerger Expenses persuant to scheme of
arrangement

Total

29.67

(2.27)

(2.27)

(1,098.98)

(1,098.98)
-

Transfer to General Reserve

4,400.00

(4,400.00)

Total

4,400.00

27.38

-

29.67

4,457.05

Balance as at 31 March 2023

20,017.90

2,052.89

103.40

(134.95)

22,039.24

Balance as at 1 April 2023

20,017.90

2,052.89

103.40

(134.95)

22,039.24

st

st

Profit for the year

5,631.91

5,631.91

Other Comprehensive Income net of tax

(38.10)

(38.10)

Interim Dividend (FY 2023-24)

(1,685.11)

(1,685.11)

Final Dividend (FY-2022-23)

(835.23)

(835.23)
-

Transfer to General Reserve

3,000.00

(3,000.00)

Total

3,000.00

111.57

-

(38.10)

3,073.47

23,017.90

2,164.46

103.40

(173.05)

25,112.71

Balance as at 31 Mar 2024
st

For and on behalf of the Board

(DILIP KUMAR MOHANTY)
(AMITAVA MUKHERJEE)
Director (Production)
Chairman-Cum-Managing Director (Additional Charge),
DIN: 09296720
Director (Finance)
DIN: 08265207
(AS PARDHA SARADHI)
ED & Company Secretary
Place: Hyderabad
Dated: 27th May 2024

230

As per separate report of even dated attached
For M/s Varma & Varma,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Regn No: 004532S
(P R PRASANNA VARMA)
Partner
Membership No: 025854

[p.235]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

CASH FLOW STATEMENT

FOR YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2024

INR in crore

Continued Operations

8,013.30

7,637.52

Discontinued Operations

(1.32)

(0.91)

8,011.98

7,636.61

Depreciation & amortisation expense

345.81

335.41

Reversal of impairment loss

(8.76)

-

(Profit) / Loss on disposal of property, plant & equipement

0.72

(0.09)

(0.22)

(4.90)

3.61

13.02

(1,031.73)

(543.63)

Particulars
CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit/(Loss) before income tax from

Profit before income tax including discontinued operations
Adjustments for non cash/non operational expenses:

Profit on Sale of Mutual Funds
Provision for bad & doubtful advances
Interest Income classified as cash flow from investing activities
Finance Costs

75.23
7,511.65

(Increase)/Decrease in trade receivables

858.41

(183.80)

(Increase)/Decrease in inventories

(78.34)

(535.37)

(Increase)/Decrease in other financial assets

260.38

37.61

(Increase)/Decrease loans to employees and related parties

(20.14)

(2,038.60)

(Increase)/Decrease in other non current assets

(188.18)

(425.64)

(Increase)/Decrease in other current assets

44.34

(602.93)

(Increase)/Decrease in assets held for disposal

(0.32)

0.15

Increase/(Decrease) in trade payables

(53.24)

(238.69)

Increase/(Decrease) in provisions

201.07

273.31

Increase/(Decrease) employee benefit obligations

(23.21)

28.52

Adjustments for working capital changes:

Increase/(Decrease) in other financial liabilities

174.45

283.37

Increase/(Decrease) in other current liabilities

688.34

(299.21)

Cash generated from operations

9,263.21

3,810.37

Income Taxes paid

(1,823.78)

(2,058.51)

Net Cash Flow from operating activities

7,439.43

1,751.86

231

Financial Statements

78.24
7,399.65

Operating Profits before working capital changes

Statutory Reports

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Corporate Overview

Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

[p.236]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

CASH FLOW STATEMENT (CONTT...)

FOR YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2024

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Acquisition of tangible and intangible assets and towards capital work in progress (net of
sale proceeds)

(1,833.81)

(1,250.86)

investments ( in Subsidiaries)

(104.93)

100.61

Particulars
CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Investment in Mutual Funds (Net)

0.22

4.90

973.56

558.26

Investment in term deposits with more than three months

(5,231.82)

897.43

Net Cash Flow from investing activities

(6,196.78)

310.34

-

(2.27)

1,235.35

(907.46)

Lease Liability

(4.24)

(1.09)

Deposits (paid) / Encashed towards LCs and BGs (towards non fund based facilities)

66.24

17.55

Interest paid

(77.97)

(74.99)

Dividends paid (including tax thereon and net off balances for unpaid dividends)

(2,520.90)

(1,099.27)

Net Cash Flow from financing activities

(1,301.52)

(2,067.53)

(58.87)

(5.33)

Cash & Cash equivalents at the beginning of the year

77.59

82.92

Cash & Cash equivalents at the end of the year

18.72

77.59

-

-

18.72

77.59

-

-

18.72

77.59

-

-

Interest received

CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Demerger expenditure persuent to the Schene of Demerger
(Repayment)/Proceeds from borrowings (Current)

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalent

Details of the Cash and Cash Equivalents( Note No. 2.8.2)
Cash in hand
On Current Accounts
On Deposit Accounts (Original Maturity less than 3 months)
Total Cash & Cash equivalents at the end of the year
Restricted Cash Balance
For and on behalf of the Board

(DILIP KUMAR MOHANTY)
(AMITAVA MUKHERJEE)
Director (Production)
Chairman-Cum-Managing Director (Additional Charge),
DIN: 09296720
Director (Finance)
DIN: 08265207
(AS PARDHA SARADHI)
ED & Company Secretary
Place: Hyderabad
Dated: 27th May 2024

232

As per separate report of even dated attached
For M/s Varma & Varma,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Regn No: 004532S
(P R PRASANNA VARMA)
Partner
Membership No: 025854

[p.237]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

NOTES

TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note: 1 Company Information and Material Accounting
Policy Information:

ii)

Defined benefit and other long-term employee
benefits.

1.1

(c)

Functional and presentation currency

Company Information:

1.2

The preparation of standalone financial statements
in conformity with Ind AS requires management to
make judgments, estimates and assumptions that
affect the application of accounting policies and
the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income
and expenses. Actual results may differ from these
estimates. Estimates and underlying assumptions
are reviewed on a periodic basis. Revisions to
accounting estimates are recognized in the period
in which the estimates are revised [and in any
future periods affected.
1.2.2 Material Accounting Policy information:
i.

Basis of preparation and Material Accounting
Policy information:
Statement of compliance
The standalone financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting
Standards (“Ind AS”) notified under the Companies
(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as
amended and other relevant provisions of the Act.

(b)

i)

Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated
in a foreign currency and measured at historical
cost are translated at the exchange rate prevalent
at the date of transaction.
ii.

Basis of measurement
The standalone financial statements have been
prepared on a historical cost convention and on
an accrual basis, except for the following material
items that have been measured at fair value as
required by relevant Ind AS:
Certain financial assets and liabilities measured
at fair value (refer accounting policy on financial
instruments);

Foreign currency transactions and balances
Transactions in foreign currency are translated
into the respective functional currencies using
the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of
the respective transactions. Foreign exchange
gains and losses resulting from the settlement
of such transactions and from the translation at
the exchange rates prevailing at reporting date
of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in
foreign currencies are recognized in the statement
of profit and loss and reported within foreign
exchange gains/ (losses).

1.2.1 Basis of preparation
(a)

Use of estimates and judgement

Investment in Subsidiaries, Joint Venture and
Associates
Investment in Subsidiaries, Joint Ventures and
Associates are measured at cost. Dividend income
is recognised when its right to receive the dividend
is established”.

iii.

Financial instruments
All financial instruments are recognized initially at
fair value. Transaction costs that are attributable
to the acquisition of the financial asset (other

233

Financial Statements

The Standalone financial statements for the year
ended 31st March 2024, were approved for issue
by the Board of directors of the company on 27th
May 2024 and Shri. Amitava Mukherji, Chairman
cum Managing Director (Additional charge) /
Director (Finance) is hereby authorized to amend
the Financial Statements for the changes, if any,
arising out of C&AG Audit.

(d)

Statutory Reports

The Company is producing about over 40 MTPA
of iron ore from its major iron ore producing units
i.e. from Bailadila Sector in Chhattisgarh and
Donimalai in Bellary-Hospet region in Karnataka.
NMDC envisages to have an iron ore production
capacity of 100 MNT by FY2030. The shares of
the company are listed and traded on the National
Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE), The
Calcutta Stock Exchange Ltd and Bombay Stock
Exchange India Limited (BSE).

The standalone financial statements are presented
in Indian rupees, which is the functional currency
of the Company and the currency of the primary
economic environment in which the entity
operates. All financial information presented in
Indian rupees has been rounded to the nearest
crore except share and per share data.

Corporate Overview

NMDC Limited (the company) is a Navaratna
Public Sector Enterprise under the Ministry of
Steel, Government of India and single largest
producer of iron ore in India. It owns and operates
highly mechanized iron ore mines in the state of
Chhattisgarh and Karnataka and has its registered
office at Hyderabad, Telangana. It also operates
the only mechanized diamond mine in India at
Panna, Madhya Pradesh. NMDC has its own R&D
Centre at Hyderabad which is recognized as a
Centre of Excellence by UNIDO.

[p.238]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
than financial assets recorded at fair value
through profit or loss) are included in the fair
value of the financial assets. Purchase or sales
of financial assets that require delivery of assets
within a time frame established by regulation or
convention in the market place (regular way trade)
are recognized on trade date. While, loans and
borrowings and payable are recognized net of
directly attributable transactions costs.
For the purpose of subsequent measurement,
financial instruments of the Company are classified
in the following categories: non-derivative financial
assets comprising amortized cost; non derivative
financial liabilities at amortized cost.
The classification of financial instruments depends
on the objective of the business model for which it
is held. Management determines the classification
of its financial instruments at initial recognition.
Financial instrument is derecognized only when
the company has transferred its right to receive/
extinguish its obligation to pay cash flow from such
financial instruments.
a)

Non-derivative financial assets
Financial assets at amortized cost
A financial asset shall be measured at amortized
cost if both of the following conditions are met:
•

the financial asset is held within a business
model whose objective is to hold financial
assets in order to collect contractual cash
flows and

•

the contractual terms of the financial asset
give rise on specified dates to cash flows that
are solely payments of principal and interest
on the principal amount outstanding

They are presented as current assets, except for
those maturing later than 12 months after the
reporting date which are presented as non-current
assets. Financial assets are measured initially at
fair value plus transaction costs and subsequently
carried at amortized cost using the effective
interest method, less any impairment loss.
Amortized cost is represented by security
deposits, cash and cash equivalents, employee
and other advances and eligible current and noncurrent assets.
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand,
in banks and short term demand deposits with
banks with original maturity period of three months
or less which can be withdrawn at any time
without prior notice or penalty on the principal.
For the purposes of the cash flow statement,
cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand,
in banks and demand deposits with banks, net of

234

outstanding bank overdrafts that are repayable on
demand and are considered part of the Company’s
cash management system.
b)

Non-derivative financial liabilities
Financial liabilities at amortized cost
Financial liabilities at amortized cost represented
by trade and other payables are initially recognized
at fair value, and subsequently carried at
amortized cost using the effective interest method.

iv.

Property, Plant and Equipment

a)

Recognition and measurement:
Normally Property, Plant and Equipment are
measured at cost less accumulated depreciation
and impairment losses, if any. Cost includes
expenditures directly attributable to the acquisition
of the asset. The Company has elected to apply
the optional exemption to use the previous GAAP
value as deemed cost at 1 April 2015, the date of
transition.
Spare parts, stand by equipment and service
equipment meeting the definition of PPE and
having value of more than ₹ 20 lakh in each case,
are capitalized as and when available for use.
Depreciation:
Normally the Company depreciates property,
plant and equipment over the estimated useful
life of the assets as prescribed in Schedule II of
the Companies Act 2013 on a straight-line basis.
Depreciation is charged on pro-rata basis on
additions / disposals of assets during the year.
Wherever the useful life is determined by technical
assessment for certain assets, such assets are
depreciated as per their assessed life. Assets
acquired under finance lease and leasehold
improvements are amortized over the lower of
estimated useful life and related term. Depreciation
methods, useful lives and residual values are
reviewed at each reporting date.
When parts of an item of property, plant and
equipment have different useful lives, they
are accounted for as separate items (major
components) of property, plant and equipment.
Subsequent expenditure relating to property,
plant and equipment is capitalized only when it is
probable that future economic benefits associated
with these will flow to the Company and the cost
of the item can be measured reliably. Repairs and
maintenance costs are recognized in the statement
of profit and loss when incurred. The cost and
related accumulated depreciation are eliminated
from the standalone financial statements upon sale
or disposition of the asset and the resultant gains
or losses are recognized in the statement of profit
and loss.

[p.239]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Fixed Assets costing ₹ 5,000 or less are fully
depreciated in the year of purchase.
b)

Capital Work-in-Progress:
Assets in the course of construction are included
under capital work in progress and are carried
at cost less any recognized impairment loss.
Such capital work in progress, on completion,
is transferred to the appropriate category of
property, plant and equipment.

Any costs directly attributable to acquisition/
construction of property, plant and equipment till it
is brought to the location and condition necessary
for it to be capable of operating in the manner as
intended by the management form part of capital
work-in-progress.
c)

Expenditure incurred on any facility, the ownership
of which is not vested with the company, but
the incurrence of which is essential in bringing
an asset/projects of NMDC to the location and
condition necessary to be capable of operating in
the manner intended by the management, shall be
capitalized as a part of the overall cost of the said
asset/project. Else the same shall be charged to
revenue.
v.

Intangible assets

Mining rights are accounted as Intangible assets
and amortised over the period of life of the mining
lease.
vi.

Inventory

a)

Raw materials, Stores and spares (including
loose tools and implements), work in process and
finished products are valued at lower of cost and
net realizable value of the respective units.

Weighted average cost

Stores and spares

Weighted average cost

Stores in Transit

At cost

Work in process
and finished
goods

Material cost plus appropriate
share of labour, related
overheads and levies.

c)

In case of identified Obsolete/Surplus/Non-moving
items necessary provision is made and charged to
revenue.

d)

Stationery, Medical, Canteen, School Stores,
Cotton Waste, Hospital Stores and Lab stores
(excluding for R & D Lab) charged off to Revenue
on procurement.

e)

No credit is taken in respect of stock of run of mine
ore, embedded ore, Iron ore slimes.

vii.

Impairment

a)

Financial assets
In accordance with Ind AS 109, the Company
applies expected credit loss (ECL) model for
measurement and recognition of impairment loss.
The Company follows ‘simplified approach’ for
recognition of impairment loss allowance on trade
receivables.
The application of simplified approach does
not require the Company to track changes in
credit risk. Rather, it recognises impairment loss
allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting
date, right from its initial recognition
For recognition of impairment loss on other
financial assets and risk exposure, the Company
determines that whether there has been a
significant increase in the credit risk since initial
recognition. If credit risk has not increased
significantly, 12-month ECL is used to provide
for impairment loss. However, if credit risk has
increased significantly, lifetime ECL is used. If in
subsequent period, credit quality of the instrument
improves such that there is no longer a significant
increase in credit risk since initial recognition, then
the entity reverts to recognising impairment loss
allowance based on 12 month ECL
Lifetime ECLs are the expected credit losses
resulting from all possible default events over
the expected life of a financial instrument. The 12
month ECL is a portion of the lifetime ECL which
results from default events that are possible within
12 months after the reporting date
ECL is the difference between all contractual cash
flows that are due to the Company in accordance
with the contract and all the cash flows that

235

Financial Statements

Intangible assets are stated at cost less
accumulated amortization and impairment.
Intangible assets are amortized over their
respective estimated useful lives on a straightline basis, from the date that they are available
for use. The estimated useful life of an identifiable
intangible asset is based on a number of
factors including the effects of obsolescence,
demand, competition and other economic
factors (such as the stability of the industry and
known technological advances) and the level of
maintenance expenditures required to obtain the
expected future cash flows from the asset.

Raw materials

Statutory Reports

Treatment of expenditure incurred on Assets not
owned by the Company

The basis of determining the cost is

Corporate Overview

Expenses for assessment of new potential projects
incurred till investment decisions are charged
to revenue. Expenditure incurred for projects
after investment decisions are accounted for
under capital work in progress and capitalized
subsequently.

b)

[p.240]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
the entity expects to receive (i.e. all shortfalls),
discounted at the original EIR. When estimating the
cash flows, an entity is required to consider:
All contractual terms of the financial instrument
(including prepayment, extension etc.) over the
expected life of the financial instrument. However,
in rare cases when the expected life of the
financial instrument cannot be estimated reliably,
then the entity is required to use the remaining
contractual term of the financial instrument.

i)

ii)

independent of the cash inflows of other assets or
groups of assets (the “cash-generating unit”).
viii. Employee benefits
a)

Under the NMDC Employees’ family benefit
scheme, monthly payments are made till the
normal date of retirement to the family members of
those employees who are discharged from service
due to medical reasons or death, on deposit of the
amount envisaged in the scheme, and liability for
the payments are accounted for on the basis of
actuarial valuation and the amount is administered
by a separate Trust.

Cash flows from the sale of collateral held or
other credit enhancements that are integral to the
contractual terms.
ECL impairment loss allowance (or reversal)
recognised during the period is recognised as
income/expense in the statement of profit and
loss. The balance sheet presentation for various
financial instruments is described below:

b)

Non-financial assets
The Company assesses at each reporting date
whether there is any objective evidence that a
non financial asset or a group of non financial
assets is impaired. If any such indication exists,
the Company estimates the amount of impairment
loss.
An impairment loss is calculated as the difference
between an asset’s carrying amount and
recoverable amount. Losses are recognised
in profit or loss and reflected in an allowance
account. When the Company considers that there
are no realistic prospects of recovery of the asset,
the relevant amounts are written off. If the amount
of impairment loss subsequently decreases and
the decrease can be related objectively to an event
occurring after the impairment was recognised,
then the previously recognised impairment loss is
reversed through profit or loss.
The recoverable amount of an asset or cashgenerating unit (as defined below) is the greater
of its value in use and its fair value less costs to
sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated future
cash flows are discounted to their present value
using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current
market assessments of the time value of money
and the risks specific to the asset. For the purpose
of impairment testing, assets are grouped together
into the smallest group of assets that generates
cash inflows from continuing use that are largely

236

Gratuity & Provident fund
Gratuity payable to eligible employees is
administered by a separate Trust. Payments to the
trust towards contributions and other demands are
made on the basis of actuarial valuation.

Financial assets measured at amortised cost,
contractual revenue receivable: ECL is presented
as an allowance, i.e. as an integral part of the
measurement of those assets in the balance sheet.
The allowance reduces the net carrying amount.
Untill the asset meets write off criteria, the
Company does not reduce impairment allowance
from the gross carrying amount.
b)

Payments under Employees’ Family Benefit
Scheme

The company’s contribution to the provident fund
is remitted to a separate trust based on a fixed
percentage of the eligible employees’ salary.
Further, the company makes good the shortfall,
if any, between the return from investments of
trust and the notified rate of interest on actuarial
valuation basis.
c)

Pension Fund
Defined contributions to NMDC Employees’
Contributory Pension Scheme are made on accrual
basis at a rate as approved from time to time to a
fund which is administered by a separate Trust.

d)

Accrued Leave Salary
Liability towards Accrued Leave Salary, as at
the end of the year is recognized on the basis of
actuarial valuation and the amount is administered
by a separate trust.

e)

Other Benefits
Liability towards Long Service Award, Settlement
Allowance and Post Retirement Medical Facilities
to employees as at the end of the year is
recognized on the basis of actuarial valuation.
Such amounts towards Settlement Allowance and
Post Retirement Medical Benefits are administered
by a separate trust.
Actuarial gains or losses are recognized in other
comprehensive income. Further, the profit or
loss does not include an expected return on plan
assets. Instead, net interest recognized in profit
or loss is calculated by applying the discount rate
used to measure the defined benefit obligation
to the net defined benefit liability or asset. The
actual return on the plan assets above or below
the discount rate is recognized as part of re-

[p.241]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
measurement of net defined liability or asset
through other comprehensive income.
Re-measurements comprising actuarial gains
or losses and return on plan assets (excluding
amounts included in net interest on the net defined
benefit liability) are not reclassified to profit or loss
in subsequent periods.
ix.

Provisions & Contingent Liability:

The amount recognized as a provision is the
best estimate of the consideration required to
settle the present obligation at the end of the
reporting period, taking into account the risks and
uncertainties surrounding the obligation.

Contingent liabilities are possible obligations that
arises from past events, the existence of which
would be confirmed only by the occurrence
or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain
future events not wholly within the control of
the company or a present obligation for which
payment is not probable or the amount cannot
be measured reliably. These are disclosed in the
financial statements unless the possibility of any
outflow in settlement is remote.
x.

Revenue recognition
Revenue from contracts with customers is
recognized when control of the goods or services
is transferred to the customer at an amount that
reflects the consideration to which the Company
expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods
or services.

Export sales: In Export sales control passes to the
customer on the date of Bill of Lading.
Domestic sales: Control passes to the customer
on the date of delivery which is generally the
forwarding note (rail dispatches)/ lorry receipt/
delivery challan. However, in case of spot auction
under electronic mode, control passes to the
customer on conclusion of the auction and receipt
of money.
Obsolete stores & scrap: Control passes to the
customer on the date of realisation.
Contract asset:
A contract asset is the right to consideration in
exchange for goods or services transferred to the
customer. If the Company performs by transferring
goods or services to a customer before the
customer pays consideration or before payment is
due, a contract asset is recognised for the earned
consideration that is conditional.
Trade receivables
A receivable represents the Company’s right to
an amount of consideration that is unconditional
(i.e., only the passage of time is required before
payment of the consideration is due).
Contract liability
A contract liability is the obligation to transfer
goods or services to a customer for which
the Company has received consideration (or
an amount of consideration is due) from the
customer. If a customer pays consideration before
the Company transfers goods or services to
the customer, a contract liability is recognised
when the payment is made or the payment is
due (whichever is earlier). Contract liabilities
are recognised as revenue when the Company
performs under the contract.

237

Financial Statements

Provisions for onerous contracts are recognized
when the expected benefits to be derived by
the Company from a contract are lower than
the unavoidable costs of meeting the future
obligations under the contract. Provisions for
onerous contracts are measured at the present
value of lower of the expected net cost of fulfilling
the contract and the expected cost of terminating
the contract.

The timing of transfer of control in case of sale of
goods varies depending upon individual transfer
terms of the contract.

Statutory Reports

When some or all of the economic benefits
required to settle a provision are expected to be
recovered from a third party, the receivable is
recognized as an asset, if it is virtually certain that
reimbursement will be received and the amount of
the receivable can be measured reliably.

All revenue from sale of goods is recognised at
a point in time. Revenue from wind power and
services is recognised over time.

Corporate Overview

All the provisions are recognized as per Ind AS
37. Provisions (including mine closure) are
recognized when the Company has a present
obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of
a past event, it is probable that an outflow of
economic benefits will be required to settle the
obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of
the amount of the obligation.

If the consideration in a contract includes a
variable amount, the Company estimates the
amount of consideration to which it will be entitled
in exchange for transferring the goods to the
customer. The variable consideration is estimated
at contract inception and constrained until it is
highly probable that a significant revenue reversal
in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised
will not occur when the associated uncertainty
with the variable consideration is subsequently
resolved.

[p.242]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
xi.

Finance income and expense

Deferred income tax liabilities are recognized for
all taxable temporary differences. The carrying
amount of deferred income tax assets is reviewed
at each reporting date and reduced to the extent
that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable
profit will be available to allow all or part of the
deferred income tax asset to be utilized. Deferred
income tax assets and liabilities are measured
at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the
period when the asset is realized or the liability
is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that
have been enacted or substantively enacted at the
reporting date.

Finance income consists of interest income on
funds invested, dividend income and gains on
the disposal of Fair value through profit and
loss account financial assets. Interest income is
recognized as it accrues in the statement of profit
and loss, using the effective interest method.
Dividend income is recognized in the statement of
profit and loss on the date the Company’s right to
receive payment is established.
Finance expenses consist of interest expense
on loans and borrowings. Borrowing costs are
recognized in the statement of profit and loss
using the effective interest method.

xiii. Earnings per share (EPS)
Basic earnings per share is computed using
the weighted average number of equity shares
outstanding during the year.

Foreign currency gains and losses are reported on
a net basis. This includes changes in the fair value
of foreign exchange derivative instruments, which
are accounted at fair value through profit or loss.
xii.

Diluted EPS is computed by dividing the net
profit after tax by the weighted average number
of equity shares considered for deriving basic
EPS and also weighted average number of
equity shares that could have been issued upon
conversion of all dilutive potential equity shares.
Dilutive potential equity shares are deemed
converted as of the beginning of the year, unless
issued at a later date. Dilutive potential equity
shares are determined independently for each
year presented. The number of equity shares and
potentially dilutive equity shares are adjusted for
bonus shares, as appropriate.

Income tax
Tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income
tax expense is recognized in the statement of
profit and loss except to the extent it relates to
items directly recognized in equity or in other
comprehensive income.

a)

Current income tax
Current income tax for the current and prior
periods are measured at the amount expected
to be recovered from or paid to the taxation
authorities based on the taxable income for
the period. The tax rates and tax laws used to
compute the current tax amount are those that are
enacted or substantively enacted by the reporting
date and applicable for the period. The Company
offsets current tax assets and current tax liabilities,
where it has a legally enforceable right to set off
the recognized amounts and where it intends
either to settle on a net basis or to realize the
asset and liability simultaneously.

b)

Deferred income tax
Deferred income tax is recognized using the
balance sheet approach. Deferred income tax
assets and liabilities are recognized for deductible
and taxable temporary differences arising between
the tax base of assets and liabilities and their
carrying amount in financial statements, except
when the deferred income tax arises from the
initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability
in a transaction that is not a business combination
and affects neither accounting nor taxable profits
or loss at the time of the transaction. Deferred
income tax asset are recognized to the extent
that it is probable that taxable profit will be
available against which the deductible temporary
differences, and the carry forward of unused tax
credits and unused tax losses can be utilized.

238

xiv. Borrowing costs
Borrowings costs directly attributable to
acquisition or construction of an asset that
necessarily takes a substantial period of time
to get ready for its intended use or sale are
capitalised as part of the cost of the asset. All
other borrowing costs are expensed in the period
in which it occur. Borrowing costs consists of
interest and other costs that an entity incurs in
connection with the borrowing of funds.
xv.

Government Grants
Grants from the government are recognised when
there is reasonable assurance that:(i) the Company
will comply with the conditions attached to them;
and (ii) the grant will be received. Government
grants related to revenue are recognised on a
systematic basis in the statement of profit and
loss over the periods necessary to match them
with the related costs which they are intended
to compensate. Such grants are deducted in
reporting the related expense. When the grant
relates to an asset, it is recognized as income over
the expected useful life of the asset. Where the
Company receives non-monetary grants, the asset
is accounted for on the basis of its acquisition
cost. In case a non-monetary asset is given free

[p.243]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
of cost it is recognised at a fair value. When loan
or similar assistance are provided by government
or related institutions, with an interest rate below
the current applicable market rate, the effect of
this favorable interest is recognized as government
grant. The loan or assistance is initially recognized
and measured at fair value and the government
grant is measured as the difference between the
initial carrying value of the loan and the proceeds
received.

xvi. Lease
Lease liability is initially recognised and measured
at an amount equal to the present value of
minimum lease payments during the lease term
that are not yet paid.

b.

Right of use asset is recognised and measured at
cost, consisting of initial measurement of lease
liability plus any lease payments made to the
lessor at or before the commencement date less
any lease incentives received, initial estimate of
the restoration costs and any initial direct costs
incurred by the lessee.

c.

d.

The lease liability is measured in subsequent
periods using the effective interest rate method.
The right-of-use asset is depreciated over the
lease term.
Low Value leases up to ₹ 20 lakhs p.a. per lease
and Short term leases of 12 months or less are
fully charged to expense.

xviii. Stripping cost
Development stripping cost:
Overburden and other mine waste material
removed during the initial development of a mine in
order to access mineral deposit are capitalized as
Intangible Asset. Amortization of the same is done
based on the life estimated by the management.
Production stripping cost:
During the Production phase, the stripping activity
cost is charged to revenue to the extent the
benefit from the stripping activity is realized in the
form of inventory produced.
To the extent the benefit is improved access to
ore, the entity shall recognise these costs as a
non-current asset ie Stripping Activity Asset, if and
only if all the following conditions are met:
It is probable that the future economic
benefits associated with the stripping activity
will be realized

b)

The component of the ore body for which
access has been improved can be identified
and

c)

The costs relating to the stripping activity
associated with the improved access can be
reliably measured.

xvii. Exploration and Evaluation
Exploration and evaluation expenditure comprise
costs that are directly attributable to:
-

researching and analysing existing
exploration data;

-

conducting geological studies, exploratory
drilling and sampling;

-

examining and testing extraction and
treatment methods; and/or

-

compiling pre-feasibility and feasibility
studies.

Exploration expenditure relates to the initial search
for deposits with economic potential. Evaluation
expenditure relates to a detailed assessment
of deposits or other projects that have been
identified as having economic potential.
All evaluation and exploration expenses till high
degree of confidence is achieved are expensed.

To the extent the current period stripping ratio
exceeds the planned stripping ratio as per mine
plan, shall be considered as “Stripping Activity
Asset’
The “Stripping Activity Asset” is subsequently
depreciated on a unit of production basis over the
life of the identified component of the ore body
that become more accessible as a result of the
stripping activity and is then stated at cost less
accumulated depreciation and impairment loss, if
any.
xix. Prepaid Expenses
Expenses are accounted under prepaid expenses
only when the amount relating to the unexpired
period exceeds rupees Two crore in each case.

239

Financial Statements

a)

Statutory Reports

a.

The carrying values of capitalized evaluation
expenditure are reviewed for impairment every
year by management.

Corporate Overview

Grant related to income are presented as part
of profit or loss, as a deduction to the related
expenses.

Evaluation expenditure are capitalised as Intangible
assets when there is a high degree of confidence
that the Company will determine that a project is
commercially viable, that is the project will provide
a satisfactory return relative to its perceived risks,
and therefore it is considered probable that future
economic benefits will flow to the Company.

[p.244]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
xx.

Restatement of earliest prior period financials on material error/omissions
The value of error and omissions is construed to be material for restating the opening balances of assets and
liabilities and equity for the earliest prior period presented if the amount in each case of earlier period income/
expenses exceeds 1.00% of the previous year turnover of the company.

For and on behalf of the Board

Subject to our Report of even date:
For M/s. Varma & Varma
Chartered Accountants
FRN No. 004532S

(DILIP KUMAR MOHANTY)
Director Production
DIN : 09296720

Place : Hyderabad
Date : 27th May 2024

240

(AMITAVA MUKHERJEE)
Chairman-Cum-Managing
Director (Additional Charge),
Director (Finance)
DIN: 08265207
(A S PARDHA SARADHI)
Company Secretary

(CA P R PRASANNA VARMA)
Partner
Membership No: 025854

[p.245]
51.34

98.37

Vehicles

Office Equipment

3,472.47

3,297.82

Previous Year
2022-23

39.94

- Sanitary &
Water supply

TOTAL (A)

283.20

11.18

- Locomotives

- Elec.
Installations

2.06

34.34

- Railway siding

18.14

- Dams,Wells &
Pools

- Adit & Tunnel

138.84

- Roads,Bridges
& culverts parks

Others

19.38

751.62

1,383.95

Furniture &
Fittings

Heavy Mobile
Equipment

Plant & Machinery

427.83

15.56

Lease hold

Buildings

196.72

Free hold

Land:

A. GENERAL:

AS AT
1st April
2023

253.23

355.10

2.96

16.12

-

-

-

-

22.96

49.36

7.95

3.04

126.62

106.97

19.12

-

-

-

(78.46)

(97.60)

-

(0.37)

-

-

-

(0.37)

-

(7.17)

(6.27)

-

(44.78)

(37.82)

-

(0.82)

DED /
ADJ
DURING
THE
YEAR

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

0.01

TRANSFER
TO /
FROM

Financial Statements

ASSETS

ADDITIONS
DURING
THE
YEAR

-

(0.13)

(45.36)

-

(0.85)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(45.36)

0.85

INTERNAL
TRANSFER

3,472.47

3,684.61

42.90

298.10

11.18

34.34

2.06

17.77

161.80

140.56

53.02

22.42

833.46

1,453.10

401.59

15.59

196.72

AS AT
31st
March
2024

-

1,224.95

1,415.68

9.29

146.23

5.02

24.30

0.12

6.45

112.50

68.59

27.85

12.58

428.38

473.59

86.44

14.34

UP TO
1st April
2023

-

251.94

255.24

1.49

23.93

0.74

2.45

0.03

0.97

3.68

17.13

6.01

1.86

76.39

105.97

14.45

0.14

FOR
THE
YEAR

Statutory Reports

GROSS BLOCK

-

-

(2.81)

(2.72)

(0.03)

(0.13)

-

-

-

(0.51)

(0.13)

(0.26)

(0.09)

(0.07)

(0.21)

(1.13)

(0.16)

Asset
Impairment /
(Reversal of
Impairment)

(58.38)

(95.72)

-

(0.37)

-

-

-

-

-

(6.72)

(5.89)

-

(44.78)

(37.82)

(0.02)

(0.12)

-

DEDUCTIONS /
ADJUSTMENTS

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

0.01

TRANSFER
TO /
FROM

DEPRECIATION BLOCK

-

10.75

169.01

5.76

26.75

0.15

6.91

116.05

78.74

27.88

14.37

459.78

540.61

97.98

15.01

UP TO
31st
March
2024

(0.03)

1,415.68

(2.73) 1,569.75

-

(0.65)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(2.73)

0.65

-

INTERNAL
TRANSFER

Corporate Overview

Note - 2.1.1 : PROPERTY, PLANT & EQUIPMENT

30.65

136.97

6.16

10.04

1.94

11.69

26.34

29.78

23.49

6.80

323.24

910.36

341.39

1.22

196.72

AS AT
31st
March
2023

2,056.79

2,072.87

2,114.86 2,056.79

32.15

129.09

5.42

7.59

1.91

10.86

45.75

61.82

25.14

8.05

373.68

912.49

303.61

0.58

196.72

AS AT
31st
March
2024

NET BLOCK

(INR in Crore)

NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Notes to SFS - contd.

241

[p.246]
242

3.03

Vehicles

35.20

395.00

370.00

3,867.47

3,667.82

TOTAL (B)

Previous Year
2022-23

GRAND TOTAL
(A+B)

Previous Year
2022-23

283.08

390.30

29.85

0.17

7.58

1.07

0.58

- Sanitary &
Water supply

1.01

- Dams,Wells &
Pools

-

0.32

7.88

0.54

4.10

9.03

11.27

6.66

- Cess fund
quarters

-

-

11.51

ADDITIONS
DURING
THE
YEAR

- Elec.
Installations

8.99

- Roads,Bridges
& culverts parks

Others

36.74

18.36

Furniture & Fittings

Office Equipment

6.65

284.07

-

10.64

AS AT
1st April
2023

Plant & Machinery

Buildings

Lease hold

Free hold

Land:

B. SOCIAL
AMENITIES:

ASSETS

-

-

-

-

(83.43)

(100.61)

(4.97)

(3.01)

-

(0.03)

-

-

-

(1.85)

(0.16)

(0.97)

DED /
ADJ
DURING
THE
YEAR

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(0.01)

TRANSFER
TO /
FROM

GROSS BLOCK

-

(44.41)

0.13

0.95

-

-

-

(0.09)

-

-

-

-

0.09

-

-

0.95

INTERNAL
TRANSFER

3,867.47

4,112.75

395.00

428.14

7.75

12.31

1.59

6.57

9.31

42.77

3.41

21.49

15.77

295.58

11.59

AS AT
31st
March
2024

-

-

1,286.09

1,488.91

61.14

73.23

2.42

4.02

0.50

1.30

5.02

15.24

1.39

5.05

1.28

37.01

UP TO
1st April
2023

-

-

267.02

272.22

15.08

16.98

0.26

1.07

0.25

0.14

0.53

5.77

0.39

2.21

0.44

5.92

FOR
THE
YEAR

(2.81)

(4.78)

-

(2.06)

(0.29)

(0.03)

-

-

(0.02)

(0.22)

(0.04)

(0.01)

-

(1.45)

-

-

(61.39)

(97.60)

(3.01)

(1.88)

-

(0.02)

-

-

-

(1.41)

(0.14)

(0.31)

-

-

-

-

DEDUCTIONS /
ADJUSTMENTS

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(0.01)

TRANSFER
TO /
FROM

DEPRECIATION BLOCK
Asset
Impairment /
(Reversal of
Impairment)

-

73.23

86.27

2.39

5.04

0.75

1.44

5.53

19.38

1.60

6.94

1.72

41.48

UP TO
31st
March
2024

-

1,488.91

(2.73) 1,656.02

0.03

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

INTERNAL
TRANSFER

308.86

321.77

5.16

7.25

0.51

5.36

3.97

21.50

1.64

13.31

5.37

247.06

10.64

AS AT
31st
March
2023

2,378.56

2,381.73

2,456.73 2,378.56

321.77

341.87

5.36

7.27

0.84

5.13

3.78

23.39

1.81

14.55

14.05

254.10

-

11.59

AS AT
31st
March
2024

NET BLOCK

NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Notes to SFS - contd.

[p.247]
12.08

52.64

2.63

1.19

-

1.52

4.62

38.39

-

3.70

0.59

AS AT
31st
March
2024

12.08
12.08

Previous Year 2022-23

-

2.88

Financial Statements

GRAND TOTAL (A+B)

Previous Year 2022-23
-

(6.73)

12.08

52.64

-

44.41

-

44.41

-

-

-

3.02

3.02

38.37

-

-

-

INTERNAL
TRANSFER

TOTAL (B)

-

-

(6.73)

-

-

(0.26)

(1.50)

1.60

0.02

(7.41)

0.82

-

DED /
ADJ
DURING
THE
YEAR

-

-

2.88

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

2.88

-

ADDITIONS
DURING
THE
YEAR

Buildings
-

12.08

Previous Year 2022-23

B. SOCIAL AMENITIES:

12.08

2.63

Ranchi-Office Building_JSFC
ROU Capitalisation

TOTAL (A)

1.19

REGIONAL OFFICE - Vizag

-

TYPE-IV, TOWER-9, FLAT-E13 KIDWAI - DELHI
0.26

-

TYPE-V, TOWER-19, FLATA6&B6-KIDWAI-DELHI

Delhi - KG Marg Surya Kiran
Building

-

7.41

-

0.59

5th & 6th FLOOR, PLATE-C, OFF
BLOCK-II -KIDWAI-DELHI

Delhi - PTI- Building

Buildings

KUMARAMARANGA RAILWAY
SIDING

Land (SP-RO- Vizag)

A. GENERAL:

DESCRIPTION

AS AT
1st
April
2023

GROSS BLOCK

6.58
1.16

3.94

-

1.16

6.58

0.26

0.04

-

0.01

0.51

4.87

0.57

0.32

-

FOR
THE
YEAR

-

(4.09)

-

(4.09)

-

-

(0.26)

-

-

-

(3.95)

0.12

-

DEDUCTIONS /
ADJUSTMENTS

-

2.73

2.73

-

0.19

0.18

2.36

-

-

-

INTERNAL
TRANSFER

DEPRECIATION BLOCK

5.10

-

3.94

5.10

0.47

0.40

0.26

-

-

-

3.38

-

0.59

UP TO
1st April
2023

Statutory Reports

243

Corporate Overview

Note 2.1.2 : RIGHT-OF USE ASSETS

42.33
6.98

5.10

-

-

-

6.98

42.33

1.90

0.75

-

1.32

3.93

31.17

-

3.26

-

AS AT
31st
March
2024

10.32

-

-

-

5.10

10.32

0.73

0.44

-

0.20

0.69

7.23

-0.00

0.44

0.59

UP TO
31st
March
2024

8.15

6.98

-

8.15

6.98

2.16

0.79

-

4.03

-

-

AS AT
31st
March
2023

NET BLOCK

(INR in Crore)

NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Notes to SFS - contd.

[p.248]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Additional notes to 2.1,1, 2.3 and 2.4 : PPE (Property Plant and Equipment) , Intangible Assets and Intangible
Assets under Development.
1.

Lease hold land measuring 3021.35 sq.mtrs. (previous year 3021.35 sq.mtrs.) is taken from Vizag Port Trust
Authorities for construction of Regional Office building for a period of 30 years i.e. up to 01.01.2044. Action is on
hand to execute the lease deed.

2.

Formal agreements / Transfer deeds remain to be executed in respect of the following:

3.

(a)

Renewal of Mining Leases at Deposit 10 (Float Ore).

(b)

Lease deeds in respect of parts of land for township at Bacheli Complex, Kirandul Complex and Panna
Project.

(c)

Mining lease to the extent of 33.58 hectares (Mining area) and 19.42 hectares (Plant area) of Silica Sand
Plant near Lalapur (Allahabad).

(d)

Provisional allotment letters were issued for the land allotted by M/s APIIC at Industrial park, Paloncha to
the extent of 13.43 acres. However, on physical survey found only 11.35 acres of land. No effect is given in
books, pending confirmation from M/s APIIC.

Reconciliation of Depreciation and Amortisation as per Statement of Profit and Loss:
Rs. In crore
Note no

Particulars

2023-24

2.1

Depreciation on PPE

272.22

267.02

2.1

(Reversal)/ Impairment of PPE

(-)4.79

(-)2.81

2.3

Amortisation of Intangible Assets

68.16

68.38

2.3

(Reversal)/Impairment of Intangible Assets

(-)1.13

-

2.1.2

Amortisation of ROU Assets

6.58

1.16

2.2

(Reversal) / Impairment of CWIP

(-)2.84

1.92

Total

338.22

335.67

2.2.2

Transferred to IEDC

(-)1.15

(-) 0.26

2.28

Shown under Exceptional item

-

2.33.8

Transferred to Discontinue Operation

-

Depreciation, Amortisation and Impairment as per Statement of Profit and Loss
5.

2022-23

337.05

335.41

During the year 2023-24 a review of residual and useful life of PPE was done and changes were recommended
for some of the HEM equipments and vehicles. The Useful life of all the PPE is as per schedule II except for the
following PPE whose life as given under is determined as per technical assessment.
Equipment

Capacity

Useful Life in Years

85-100 T

10

50-60 T

10

35-40 T

10

WATER SPRINKLER

28KL

9

ELECTRIC ROPE SHOVEL

8-10 CuM

20

up to 5 CuM

10

5 - 7.5 CuM

10

>7.5 CuM

12

< 2.5 CuM

12

DUMPER

HYDRAULIC EXCAVATOR (SHOVEL)
HYDRAULIC EXCAVATOR WITH ROCK BREAKER
ATTACHMENT

244

[p.249]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Equipment

Capacity
165 mm ELECTRIC

12

250 mm SINGLE PASS

20

250 mm MULTIPLE PASS

12

TOP HAMMER DRILL

LESS THAN 160 mm

12

DTH DRILL

105 – 115 mm

10

<300 HP

10

300 HP TO 600 HP

10

> 600 HP

12

<500 HP

12

>500 HP

15

WHEEL DOZER

<500HP

15

MOTOR GRADER

<300 HP

10

< 16 TON

9

16 TON TO 40 TON

12

>40 TON

15

BOOM STACKER

2000 TPH to 3000 TPH

25

WAGAN LOADER

2000 TPH to 3000 TPH

20

RECLAIMER

2000 TPH to 3000 TPH

20

FRONT END LOADER

TRACK DOZER

MOBILE CRANE

Vehicle

Capacity / Remarks

Committee proposal
Useful Life in Years
5

UTILITY VEHICLES
Utility vehicles / jeeps exclusively used by Mechanical &
/ JEEPS
Electrical Plant shift in-charges only for use in Plant

6

Rest other utility vehicles / jeeps

8

DIESEL BOWSER

UP TO 9 KL

6

EXPLOSIVE VANS

1 TO 10 TON

7

WATER TANKER

UP TO 12 KL

6

Financial Statements

Utility vehicles / jeeps exclusively used by Mining, Mechanical &
Electrical shift in-charges only for use in mine

Statutory Reports

12

Corporate Overview

165 mm DIESEL
BLAST HOLE DRILL

6.

Useful Life in Years

Impact in Depreciation due to change in useful life:
Due to change in the life of certain assets, the financial impact on accounts of FY 2023-24 is ₹ 3.21 crore on
depreciation.

245

[p.250]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Additional note to 2.1.1, 2.3 and 2.4:PPE (Property Plant and Equipment)
INR in crore

Relevant
Line Item
in the
Balance
Sheet

PPE

Description of
item on Property

Gross
Carrying
Value

Title Deed
held in the
name of

Whether
title deed
holder is a
promoter or
relative (#) of
promoter(*)/
director or
employee of
promoter/
director

Property
Held since
which date

Reason for not being
held in the name of the
company

Forest Land
for Uniflow Rly.
Dispatch Systems
(4.94 Acre)

0.12 Forest Dept.

No

07-06-2002 This is Forest Land
(MOEF Letter
No.8B/007/2002/
fcw/1313 dated
07.06.2002)

Land for Shankhni
Pump House &
Pipeline (11.56
Acre)

0.01 Forest Dept.

No

14-03-2002 This is Forest Land
(MOEF Clearence Letter
dated 14.03.2002)

Infrasture Land
Lease of Dep-10
(FO) (352.87 Acre)

13.92 Forest Dept.

No

10-07-2019

Land at Madadi
Village

0.01

No

31-03-2006 Panchnama done by
Railway, Revenue NMDC
officials is available with
the Project.

Land Lease Hold
(For Town Ship)

-

No

31-03-1986

Panchnama done by
Railway, Revenue NMDC
officials is available with
the Project.

0.00

No

31-03-1966

Sale Deed available with
the management for
total 19.09 Hectares.
Appeal against the order
issued by the Tahsildar,
Bade Bacheli is being
prepared by the advisor
(Revenue) and same will
be submitted before the
SDM, Bade Bacheli.

No

03-05-1976

Land (LAQ) not included
in 4(a) Notification
because it is Govt Land
and Categorised as Cart
Tract,Hall Pora,B G Line,
V S P, Village Well,Road
etc

Freehold Land

Land at
Ranajithpur
for Pellet
Plant (Survey
No.22,23,35,38
and 36(1)), Qty
8.310 Acre

Government
Land

This is Forest Land
(MOEF Letter dated
10.07.2019)

Note:
1

The Area of Land of 45.40 Acres Railway Land, 56.14 Revenue Land has been taken from Railway Authorities
and Others. These land are not in Company's name.

2

The Area of Land of 2037.46 Acres (i.e., 1015.31 Govt Land, 938.95 Acre Forest Land and 83.20 Acre Railway
Land) has been taken from Government, Forest and Railway Authorities. These lands are not in Company's
Name

246

[p.251]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Details of Land which are in the name of Company as per Land allotment/Grant order/Title deeds, However
Mutation of aforesaid Land is pending with Local State authoritites
SL
No

Description on of item on
property

Survey No.

Area in Acre/
Sq. Yards/Sq.
Ft.

Nature of
Land

Property held
since which
date

Unit

3.73 Acre

Revenue
Land

17-Mar-1971

Donimalai

2

Land at Bhujanganagar for
Township

351

11.23 Acre

Revenue
Land

7-Jul-1972

Donimalai

3

Land at Bhujanganagar for
Township

352

2.22 Acre

Revenue
Land

17-Mar-1971

Donimalai

4

Land at Bhujanganagar for
Township

324(3), 324(5),
324(2), 324(4)
and 22

6.94 Acre

Revenue
Land

15-Feb-1971

Donimalai

5

Land at Narasingapura and
Bhujanganagar for Boar hole etc

19, 1, 175, 24,
145 and 142(3)

0.0366 Acre

Revenue
Land

6

Hyderabad Corporate Office,
Masab Tank

5202 Sq.yds/
4350 Sq.mtrs

Private
Land

17-Sep-1981

HO

7

Plot No.7 Road No.2,
Banjara Hills, Hyderabad

Survey.No.403

503.33
Sq.Yd/420.85
Sq.mt.

Govt. Land
(HUDA)

15-Feb-1995

HO

8

Plot No.16 Road No.2,
Banjara Hills, Hyderabad

Survey.No 403

635.80 Sq.yds
531.61 Sq.mtrs

Govt. Land
(HUDA)

17-Dec-1994

HO

9

Plot No.18 Road No.2,
Banjara Hills, Hyderabad

Survey.No 403

586.36 Sq.yd/
490.27
Sq.mtrs.

Govt. Land
(HUDA)

17-Dec-1994

HO

10

Plot No.19 Road No.2,
Banjara Hills, Hyderabad

Survey.No 403

574.38 Sq.yd/
480.25
Sq.mtrs.

Govt. Land
(HUDA)

17-Dec-1994

HO

11

Plot No.20 Road No.2,
Banjara Hills, Hyderabad

Survey.No 403

591.79 Sq.yd/
494.81
Sq.mtrs.

Govt. Land
(HUDA)

17-Dec-1994

HO

12

Plot No.21 Road No.2,
Banjara Hills, Hyderabad

Survey.No 403

714.38 Sq.yd/
597.31 Sq.mtrs.

Govt. Land
(HUDA)

17-Dec-1994

HO

13

Plot No.22 Road No.2,
Banjara Hills, Hyderabad

Survey.No 403

601.21 Sq.yd/
502.69
Sq.mtrs.

Govt. Land
(HUDA)

17-Dec-1994

HO

14

Flat No.24, Panjagutta,
Hyderabad-82 .

161

1320 Sft. & U/L
share of 18.32
Sq.yds.

Private
Property

19-Aug-1992

HO

15

Survey No.420 & 425,
Patancheru, Hyderabad

Survey No.420
& 425

24.21 Acres

Private
Land

18-Jul-2019

HO

16

Plot No.8 H.I.G Jubilee Hills,
Hyderabad

472.43 Sq.mts
/ 561.11 Sq. yds

Private
Property

23-Mar-2022

HO

17

NPD Lab

0.84 Acres

Revenue
Land

8-Oct-1990

R&D

29/1 & 29/2

Donimalai

Note: Company is undertaking a reconciliation process to align the capitalized properties with registered sale deeds
and regularizing the pending documentation with the respective Government departments.

247

Financial Statements

351

Statutory Reports

Land at Bhujanganagar for
Township

Corporate Overview

1

[p.252]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Details of lands where discrepencies found in area of measurement as per books of accounts and as per Bhoomi
website at Donimalai
Sl.
No.

Particulars

Sy.No

Acres as per
records

Acres as
per revenue
department

Excess /
(Shortage)
(0.10)

1

Township

335A

2.06

2.16

2

Stock pile at loading point

15(B/2)

2.27

2.39

(0.12)

3

Pellet plant

29(1)

2.17

2.77

(0.60)

4

Pellet plant

9(2)

5.50

5.52

(0.02)

5

Pellet plant

39

0.11

0.71

(0.60)

6

Pellet plant

24

0.46

0.90

(0.44)

7

Pellet plant

27

0.56

0.72

(0.16)

8

Pellet plant

28

1.32

1.50

(0.18)

9

Township

326

3.46

5.11

(1.65)

10

Stock pile at loading point

14B

1.92

1.85

0.07

11

Stock pile at loading point

22(B/2)

1.20

1.10

0.10

12

Stock pile at loading point

23(1B/2)

1.42

1.40

0.02

13

Stock pile at loading point

24(B/2)

1.25

1.23

0.02

14

Pellet plant

38

0.75

0.35

0.40

15

Pellet plant

25

1.25

0.90

0.35

16

Pellet plant

26

2.95

0.21

2.74

Township

325

17

Total

3.94

3.56

0.38

32.59

32.38

0.21

NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Note: 2.2 Capital Work in Progress
Particulars
Construction work in progress
Add : Reversal of provision for Impairment
Less: Provision for Impairment
Construction Stores

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

3,065.41

1,742.72

1,032.73

-

7.24

5.32

3,067.41

1,735.48

1,027.41

43.67

39.05

Figures as at
1st April 2022

2.00

-

Capital Assets in stores awaiting installation or in
transit

35.51

Add : Reversal of provision for Impairment

0.84

Less: Provision for Impairment

4.40

-

31.95

43.67

39.05

131.15

182.57

232.02

3,230.51

1,961.72

1,298.48

Expenditure incidental to construction awaiting
allocation (See note 2.2.2)
TOTAL

248

[p.253]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Note - 2.2.1: Movement of Capital work in progress

INR in crore
Capital asset
in stores
awaiting
installation
or in transit

Expenditure
Incidental to
construction
awaiting
allocation

-

39.05

232.02

1,298.48

836.89

-

193.90

28.84

1,059.63

Disposals/Capitalisation to PPE

126.90

-

189.28

78.29

394.47

Closing gross carrying amount

1,737.40

-

43.67

182.57

1,963.64

-

-

-

-

-

Amortization charge during the year

1.92

-

-

-

1.92

Closing accumulated amortization

1.92

-

-

-

1.92

1,735.48

-

43.67

182.57

1,961.72

Opening gross carrying amount

1,735.48

-

43.67

182.57

1,961.72

Additions

1,618.16

-

103.98

19.53

1,741.67

Disposals/Capitalisation to PPE

286.23

-

115.70

70.95

472.88

Closing gross carrying amount

3,067.41

-

31.95

131.15

3,230.51

Accumulated amortization

-

-

-

-

-

Amortization charge during the year

-

-

-

-

-

Closing accumulated amortization

-

-

-

-

-

3,067.41

-

31.95

131.15

3,230.51

Construction
Work in
Progress

Construction
Stores

Gross carrying amount

1,027.41

Additions

Particulars

Total

Year ended 31 March 2023

Closing net carrying amount

Corporate Overview

Accumulated amortization

Year ended 31 March 2024
Gross carrying amount

Statutory Reports

Closing net carrying amount

Financial Statements

249

[p.254]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Note : 2.2.2 Expenditure Incidental to Construction Awaiting Allocation

Particulars

INR in crore

Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

182.57

232.02

253.16

10.21

6.90

1.22

10.21

6.90

1.22

a. Opening balance

Figures as at
1st April 2022

b. Net Expenditure incurred during the year
Consumption of stores and spares
Employee Benefit expense :
Salaries, Wages & Bonus
Power, Electricity & Water

-

Repairs and Maintenance

1.66

1.58

1.81

Depreciation and amortisation

1.15

0.26

0.09

Consultancy expenditure

0.27

14.42

11.50

Other expenditure

6.25

5.68

361.06

19.54

28.84

375.68

-

-

-

Total (b)

19.54

28.84

375.68

Sub-total (a+b)

202.11

260.86

628.84

Less : Amount allocated to Fixed assets/ Capital W I P

70.96

78.29

396.82

Closing Balance

131.15

182.57

232.02

Other expenses :

Less : Recoveries/Income

Note: 2.2.3 Capital Work in Progress aging Schedule
As at 31st March 2024

INR in crore
Amount in CWIP for a period of

Particulars
Project in Progress

Less than
1 years

More than
3 years

2-3 years

Total

1,441.87

785.01

576.55

427.08

3,230.51

-

-

-

-

-

1,441.87

785.01

576.55

427.08

3,230.51

Project temporarily suspended
Total

1-2 years

As at 31st March 2023

INR in crore
Amount in CWIP for a period of

Particulars
Project in Progress
Project temporarily suspended
Total

250

Less than
1 years

1-2 years

More than
3 years

2-3 years

Total

825.61

670.99

93.39

371.73

1,961.72

-

-

-

-

-

825.61

670.99

93.39

371.73

1,961.72

[p.255]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Note: 2.2.4 Capital Work in Progress Completion Schedule
As at 31st March 2024

INR in crore
To be completed in

Particulars

Less than
1 years

1-2 years

More than
3 years

2-3 years

Total

1,008.94

12.47

-

-

1,021.41

Slurry Pipe Line

1,439.56

385.60

-

-

1,825.16

Construction of 5th Screenign Line Bacheli

44.84

-

-

-

44.84

IT Infrastructure for ERP and Other
Future Digital Initiatives at NMDC Donimalai

14.62

-

-

-

14.62

-

-

3.40

-

3.40

Lan Infrastructure at Head Office

20.71

-

-

-

20.71

Others

232.11

11.27

14.60

42.39

300.37

2,760.78

409.34

18.00

42.39

3,230.51

SP - II Donimalai Project - Karnataka

Total

Corporate Overview

SP - III at Kirandul Unit, Chhatishgarh

Note: there are no project where activities has been suspended as on 31st March 2024
INR in crore
To be completed in
Particulars

Less than
1 years

1-2 years

More than
3 years

2-3 years

Total

835.56

144.81

-

-

980.37

SP - III at Kirandul Unit, Chhatishgarh

275.26

293.22

-

-

568.48

SP - II Donimalai Project - Karnataka

-

-

-

1.01

1.01

Fine Ore Stockpile

31.57

-

-

-

31.57

Construction of 5th Screenign Line Bacheli

44.42

-

-

-

44.42

Others

126.94

197.55

-

11.38

335.87

Total

1,313.75

635.58

-

12.39

1,961.72

Note: there are no project where activities has been suspended as on 31 March 2023
st

251

Financial Statements

Slurry Pipe Line

Statutory Reports

As at 31st March 2023

[p.256]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Note -2.3 : INTANGIBLE ASSETS

(INR in Crore)

GROSS BLOCK

DEPRECIATION BLOCK
FOR
THE
YEAR

Asset Impairment
/ (Reversal of
Impairment)

DEDUCTIONS /
ADJUSTMENTS

UP TO
31st
March
2024

AS AT
31st
March
2024

AS AT
31st
March
2023

44.32

21.94

-

(0.17)

66.09

20.30

20.28

877.48

622.65

46.22

(1.13)

(433.55)

234.19

643.29

608.05

963.87

666.97

68.16

(1.13) (433.72)

300.28

663.59

628.33

41.46 1,295.30

557.13

68.38

666.97

628.33

443.89

AS AT
1st April
2023

ADDITIONS
DURING
THE
YEAR

DED /
ADJ
DURING
THE
YEAR

AS AT
31st
March
2024

UP TO
1st April
2023

64.60

21.96

(0.17)

86.39

Mining Rights

1,230.70

80.33

(433.55)

TOTAL (A)

1,295.30

102.29 (433.72)

Previous Year
2022-23

1,001.03

252.81

ASSETS

NET BLOCK

A. GENERAL:
Computer
Software

-

41.46

During the year Company has made adjustment to the gross block and accumulated depreciation amounting to
₹ 433.72 crores
Details of the Mining Rights (NMDC Ltd)
Useful life
of mine
(in yrs)

Net Block
as on
31.03.2024

11-09-2035

20

53.15

07-12-2015

06-12-2035

20

54.82

Mining Lease Agreement-BIOM
Deposit - 11 ML

12-09-2017

11-09-2037

20

40.74

30MPR02005

Mining Lease of Dep - 05

11-09-2015

10-09-2035

20

88.76

5

30MPR48001

Mining Lease of Dep - 10

11-09-2015

10-09-2035

20

40.11

6

30CHG03002

Mining Lease Renewal of
Deposit 11A

12-09-2017

11-09-2037

20

2.58

7

2396

Donimalai Iron Ore Mine

04-11-2018

03-11-2038

20

84.28

8

1111

Kumaraswamy Iron Ore Mine

18-10-2022

17-10-2042

20

227.89

9

270/17MPR26001

MML Lease

15-07-2005

14-07-2025

20

0.02

10

270/17MPR26004

Supplementary Mining Lease
extension

01-07-2020 30-06-2040

20

1.11

11

Addition to SLM

NAV Paid to PTR

01-07-2020 30-06-2040

20

3.92

Sl.
No

Lease No.

Description of Deposit/mine

Lease period

1

30CHG030001

Mining Lease Agreement-BIOM
Deposit - 14 ML

12-09-2015

2

30MPR02002

Mining Lease Agreement-BIOM
Deposit - 14 NMZ

3

30CHG030002

4

TOTAL

Method of
Amortisation

Amortised
over
respective
useful life
of mines on
straight line
basis

597.38

Details of the Lease hold land for construction of SP-II
Sl.
No
1

Lease No.
SP-II

TOTAL

Description of Deposit/mine
Lease of Forest Land for
Construction of SP-II Donimalai

Lease period
23-09-2023 22-09-2053

Useful life
of mine
(in yrs)

Net Block
as on
31.03.2024

30

45.91

Method of
Amortisation

45.91

Note: Agreement No. 03/2023-24 dated 06.09.2023 is executed for lease of 53.67 ha forest land for construction of Screen Plant-II
of Donimalai

252

[p.257]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Note : 2.4 Intangible assets under development

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Intangible assets under development

4.14

6.49

5.00

TOTAL

4.14

6.49

5.00

Particulars

Figures as at
1st April 2022

As at 31st March 2024
Particulars
Project in Progress

INR in crore
Amount in CWIP for a period of
Less than
1 years

More than
3 years

2-3 years

Total

4.14

Project temporarily suspended
Total

1-2 years

4.14

-

-

-

-

-

4.14

-

-

-

4.14

Corporate Overview

Note: 2.4.(a) Intangible Assets under devlopment aging Schedule

Note: 2.4.(a) Intangible Assets under devlopment aging Schedule
As at 31st March 2023

Project in Progress

Amount in CWIP for a period of
Less than
1 years

More than
3 years

2-3 years

Total

6.49

Project temporarily suspended
Total

1-2 years

6.49

-

-

-

-

-

6.49

-

-

-

6.49

Statutory Reports

Particulars

INR in crore

Note: 2.4.(b) Intangible Assets under devlopment completion schedule
As at 31st March 2024

ERP

To be completed in
Less than
1 years

1-2 years

More than
3 years

2-3 years

Total

4.14

4.14
-

Total

4.14

-

-

-

4.14

Note: there are no project where activities has been suspended as on 31 March 2024
st

Note: 2.4.(b) Intangible Assets under devlopment completion schedule
As at 31st March 2023
Particulars
ERP

INR in crore
To be completed in
Less than
1 years

1-2 years

More than
3 years

2-3 years

Total

6.49

6.49
-

Total

6.49

-

-

-

6.49

Note: there are no project where activities has been suspended as on 31 March 2023
st

253

Financial Statements

Particulars

INR in crore

[p.258]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Note : 2.4.1 Investments
INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

319.63

214.70

214.70

i) 28,51,002 (previous Year 28,51,002, as at 1st April
2022 28,51,002) Equity shares of ₹ 100 each fully paid
up in Subsidiary company J &K MDC Ltd., Jammu.

28.51

28.51

28.51

Less: Investment deration

28.51

28.51

28.51

-

-

-

ii) 41,85,590 (previous Year 41,85,590, as at 1st April
2022 41,85,590) Equity shares of FMG 2500/- each
fully paid up in wholly owned subsidiary company
NMDC SARL, Madagaskar

7.20

7.20

7.20

Less: Investment deration

7.20

7.20

7.20

-

-

-

iii) NIL (Previous Year NIL, as at 1st April 2022
5,50,000) Equity shares of ₹ 10/- each fully paid up in
NMDC Power Ltd.

-

-

0.55

Less: Investment deration

-

-

0.55

-

-

-

iii) 1,00,000 (Previous Year 1,00,000, as at 1st April
2022 1,00,000) equity shares of ₹ 10/- each fully paid
up in Karnataka Vijayanagar Steel Limited (KVSL)

0.10

0.10

0.10

vi) NIL (Previous Year NIL, as at 1st April 2022
1,60,000) equity shares of ₹ 10/- each fully paid up in
Jharkhan Kolhan Steel Limited (JKSL)

-

-

0.16

Less: Investment deration

-

-

0.16

-

-

-

2.00

2.00

2.00

98.35

98.35

98.35

Particulars

Figures as at
1st April 2022

In Equity Shares:
Investments in Subsidiary Companies carried at cost:
Trade & Quoted at cost:
i) 704,88,65,975 (Previous year 576,72,53,980, as at
1st April 2022 576,72,53,980) Equity shares fully paid
up in Legacy Iron Ore Ltd. Australia, No face value in
Australia (listed on Australian Securities Exchange ASX)
Unquoted at cost:

iv)20,00,000 (previous year 20,00,000, as at 1st April
2022 20,00,000) equity shares of 10 each in NMDC
CSR Foundation (NCF)
Investment in Joint Ventures :
Unquoted at cost:
i) 9,83,47,236 (Previous Year 9,83,47,236, as at 1st
April 2022 9,83,47,236) Equity shares of ₹ 10/- each
fully paid up in NMDC CMDC Ltd.

254

[p.259]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

0.01

0.01

0.01

152.67

152.67

152.67

iv) 50 (Previous year 50, as at 1st April 2022 50) equity
shares of South African Rand 1/- each in KopanoNMDC Minerals (Proprietary) Limited (₹ 324/- only)

-

-

-

Less: Investment deration

-

-

-

-

-

-

i) 1,05,000 (previous year 1,05,000 as at 1st April 2022
1,05,000) Equity shares of ₹ 10/- each fully paid up in
Romelt SAIL India Ltd., New Delhi

0.11

0.11

0.11

Less: Investment deration

0.11

0.11

0.11

-

-

-

ii) 37,88,59,405 (Previous year 37,88,59,405, as at 1st
April 2022 37,88,59,405) Equity shares of ₹ 10/- each
fully paid in International Coal Ventures (P) Ltd.

378.86

378.86

378.86

iii) 4,00,00,000 (P.Y 4,00,00,000, as at 1st April 2022
4,00,00,000) equity shares of ₹ 10/- each in fully paid
up in Krishnapatnam Railway Co. ltd.

40.00

40.00

40.00

iv) NIL (Previoius year NIL, as at 1st April 2022
7,47,99,878) equity shares of ₹ 10/- each fully paid up
in NINL, Bhubaneswar

-

-

100.60

iv) 13,000 (previous year 13,000, as at 1st April 2022
13,000) equity shares of ₹ 10/- each fully paid up in
Chhattisgarh Mega steel Ltd

0.01

0.01

0.01

0.02

0.02

0.02

ii) 500 Shares (previous year 500 Shares, as at 1st
April 2022 500 Shares) of ₹ 10/- each fully paid up in
NMDC Employees Co-operative Society Ltd, Bacheli
₹ 5,000/- (previous year ₹ 5,000/-)

-

-

-

iii) 25 Shares (previous year 25 Shares, as at 1st April
2022 25 Shares) of ₹ 100/- each fully paid up in NMDC
Employees Co-operative Society Ltd, Donimalai
₹ 2,500/- (previous year ₹ 2,500/-)

-

-

-

Particulars
ii) 6,000 (Previous year 6,000, as at 1st April 2022
6,000) equity shares of ₹ 10/- each in Jharkhand
National Mineral Development Corporation Ltd.
(JNMDC)

Corporate Overview

iii) 15,26,74,600 (previous year 15,26,74,600, as at 1st
April 2022 15,26,74,600) equity shares of ₹ 10/- each
in Bastar Railway Pvt. Ltd. (BRPL)

Figures as at
1st April 2022

Investments in Associates :
Unquoted at cost:

255

Financial Statements

i) 150 Shares (previous year 150 Shares, as at 1st April
2022 150 Shares) of ₹ 1,000/- each fully paid up in
Whole-sale Consumers Co-operative Stores, Kirandul
₹ 1,50,000/- (Previous year ₹ 1,50,000/-)

Statutory Reports

Unquoted shares in co-operative societies

[p.260]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

TOTAL

991.65

886.72

987.32

1. Aggregate amount of Quoted Investments

319.63

214.70

214.70

(Market value of quoted Investments)

648.43

476.01

622.09

2. Aggregate amount of Unquoted Investments

707.84

707.84

809.15

3. Aggregate amount of provision for diminution in
value of investments:

35.82

35.82

36.53

4. Net amount of Un quoted Investments

672.02

672.02

772.62

Particulars

Note : 2.4.2 Loans

Figures as at
1st April 2022

INR in crore

Particulars

Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Loans to employees and outsiders

81.74

62.62

40.77

Loan to Subsidiaries / Associates (Refer Note 2.32.5 - ii)

642.69

642.44

642.22

TOTAL

724.43

705.06

682.99

81.74

62.62

40.77

642.69

642.44

642.22

iii) Which have significant increase in Credit risk

-

-

iv) Credit Impaired

-

-

i) Considered Good, Secured
ii) Considered Good, Unsecured

Figures as at
1st April 2022

Note: With respect to the accounting policy note no. 1.2.1. (b) ii, the long term Loans & advances to employees was
to be measured at amortised cost. The same was carried out and considering the materiality, no effect has been
made in the accounts.
Note: 2.4.3 : Other Financial Assets

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

107.25

103.24

104.41

Inter Corporate Balance (NSL) - Refer Note - 2.34.4 (*)

2,502.64

2,501.87

485.34

TOTAL

2,609.89

2,605.11

589.75

-

-

2,609.89

2,605.11

iii) Which have significant increase in Credit risk

-

-

iv) Credit Impaired

-

-

Particulars
Deposit with Others

i) Considered Good, Secured
ii) Considered Good, Unsecured

Figures as at
1st April 2022

(*) An amount of ₹ 2,502.64 crore spent by NMDC Limited from Appinted date to Effective date towards all
transactions and the same is recorded as receivable on account of demerger

256

589.75

[p.261]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Note: 2.5 Deferred tax assets (Net)

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

486.42

486.28

744.82

2. Asset retirement obligation and spares

11.72

8.78

4.39

3. Investments

9.01

9.19

9.19

4. Others

12.88

31.50

31.50

520.03

535.75

789.90

1. Related to PPE

(190.44)

(198.81)

(191.69)

2. Provision for post retirement medical benefits

(53.05)

(37.68)

(27.22)

3. Right-of-use Assets

(10.65)

(1.76)

(2.05)

Total Deferred Tax Liabilities

(254.14)

(238.25)

(220.96)

Net Deferred Tax Assets

265.89

297.50

568.94

Particulars

Figures as at
1st April 2022

A. Deferred tax assets :
1. Provision for bad & doubtful debt and advances

B. Deferred tax liabilities :

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

588.01

486.57

352.78

Mines Closure Fund with Life Insurance Corporation

1,310.98

1,122.03

965.10

Other Advances (**)

1,053.94

1,054.71

786.00

Total

2,952.93

2,663.31

2,103.88

Particulars
Capital Advances (*)

Figures as at
1st April 2022

(**) Includes an amount of ₹ 600 crore (P.Y.Rs. 600 crore), paid to South Bastar Dantewada under protest against the
demand notice for Common Cause (Refer Note - 2.34.7).

257

Financial Statements

(*) Capital Advances includes an amount of ₹ 331.63 crore.(P.Y ₹ 325.32 crore) towards Tokisud Coal Block and
payment of ₹ 171.64 crore (P.Y. ₹ 74.18 crore) towards Rohne Coal Block. (Refer Note -2.34.9)

Statutory Reports

Note 2.6 : Other Non-Current Assets

Corporate Overview

Total Deferred Tax Assets

[p.262]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Note:2.7. Inventories

INR in crore

(As Valued and Certified by the Management)
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Lime Stone

0.22

0.09

0.12

Bentolite

0.14

0.13

0.15

0.36

0.22

0.27

Pellets

0.77

0.87

1.37

Sponge Iron

0.03

0.03

0.93

0.80

0.90

2.30

2,399.74

2,369.57

1,887.19

Iron Ore lying at Pellet Plant

14.03

0.90

1.42

Sponge Iron

0.01

0.01

0.01

Pellets

50.98

28.60

12.98

Diamonds & Precious Stones

0.54

0.04

0.04

2,465.30

2,399.12

1,901.64

2,466.46

2,400.24

1,904.21

268.38

257.84

218.11

4.08

2.50

2.89

272.46

260.34

221.00

2,738.92

2,660.58

2,125.21

a) Stores-in-transit

1.45

7.30

4.61

b) Obsolete stores & spares valued at

0.01

0.01

0.01

Particulars

Figures as at
1st April 2022

Raw materials

Total Raw Materials
Work-in-Process :

Total Work in Progress
Finished Goods:
Iron Ore

Total Finished Goods
Inventories are valued at cost or NRV whichever is
lower.
Total (A)
Stores & Spares
Loose tools and Implements
Total (B)
Total (A+B)
1. Stores and Spares include:

Re1 per unit of their original value of ₹ 5.20 crore
(previous year ₹ 4.26 crore )

258

[p.263]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Notes: 2.8.1a Investment

Particulars

Total

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

-

-

-

-

-

-

Figures as at
1st April 2022

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

-

-

3,499.21

4,361.23

-

-

Credit impaired

1,905.67

1,905.13

2,932.14

Total (*)

5,404.88

6,266.36

7,122.59

15.84

15.05

84.45

1,889.83

1,890.08

2,847.69

1,905.67

1,905.13

2,932.14

3,499.21

4,361.23

4,190.45

Particulars
Considered good: Secured
Considered good: unsecured
Which have significant increase in credit risk

Less: Provision for bad & doubtful trade receivables
Less: Provision for bad & doubtful (Monitoring
Committee)
Total

Figures as at
1st April 2022

4,190.45

(*)

Statutory Reports

Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Corporate Overview

Notes: 2.8.1b Trade Receivables

i) Trade Receivables includes ₹ 1,892.32 crore (Previous year ₹ 2,907.91 crore) dues from Monitoring Committee.
ii) Trade receivables includes:
a) ₹ 434.80 crore (PY ₹ 558.65 crore) receivable from RINL which not due as on 31st March 2024
c) ₹ 1,395.61 crore (P.Y ₹ 46.42 crore) receivable from NMDC Steel Limited as on 31st March 2024 (Refer Note 2.32.5 - iii)

259

Financial Statements

b) ₹ 1,564.54 crore (PY ₹ 1705.21 crore) receivable from RINL discounted from Bank during FY 2023-24

[p.264]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Note: 2.8.1b.1 Trade Receivables (Aging)
As at 31st March 2024

INR in crore
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payments

Particulars

Less than
6 months

6 months
- 1 years

2-3 years

More than
3 years

i) Undisputed Trade ReceivablesConsidered good (*)

3,187.98

166.58

142.14

1.54

0.97

3,499.21

ii) Undisputed Trade ReceivablesWhich have significant increase in
credit risk.

-

-

-

-

-

-

iii) Undisputed Trade ReceivablesCredit Impaired

-

-

-

-

3.01

3.01

iv) Disputed Trade ReceivablesConsidered good

-

-

-

-

-

-

v) Disputed Trade ReceivablesWhich have significant increase in
credit risk.

-

-

-

-

-

-

vi) Disputed Trade ReceivablesCredit Impaired (**)

-

-

-

0.19

1,902.47

1,902.66

3,187.98

166.58

142.14

1.73

1,906.45 5,404.88

Total

1-2 years

Total

Note: Due date is the Date on which the amount of sales proceeds is due for claiming from the customer
(*) ₹ 434.80 crore ( P.Y ₹ 558.65 crore) receivable from RINL which is not due as on 31st March 2024 included in less
than 6 months
(**) Includes ₹ 1,892.32 crore (PY ₹ 2,907.91) receivable from Monitoring Committee for which ECL is provided
Note: 2.8.1b.1 Trade Receivables (Aging)
As at 31st March 2023

INR in crore
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payments

Particulars

Less than
6 months

6 months
- 1 years

i) Undisputed Trade ReceivablesConsidered good (*)

2,952.25

62.67

ii) Undisputed Trade ReceivablesWhich have significant increase in
credit risk.

-

iii) Undisputed Trade ReceivablesCredit Impaired

2-3 years

More than
3 years

867.11

224.00

255.20

4,361.23

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

iv) Disputed Trade ReceivablesConsidered good

-

-

-

-

-

-

v) Disputed Trade ReceivablesWhich have significant increase in
credit risk.

-

-

-

-

-

-

vi) Disputed Trade ReceivablesCredit Impaired (**)

-

-

-

-

1,905.13

1,905.13

2,952.25

62.67

867.11

224.00

2,160.33

6,266.36

Total

1-2 years

Total

Note: Due date is the Date on which the amount of sales proceeds is due for claiming from the customer / Monitoring
Committee

260

[p.265]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Notes: 2.8.2 Cash And Cash Equivalents
Particulars

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Cash in hand

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Figures as at
1st April 2022

-

Balance with Banks
18.72

77.59

82.92

Total

18.72

77.59

82.92

Notes :2.8.3 Bank Balances Other Than 2.8.2

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

12,103.24

6,871.42

7,768.85

Balances with banks for Unpaid Dividend

2.99

3.55

3.84

Balance with banks towards TDS on Dividend

57.86

29.24

41.10

Ear marked Balances (unspent CSR Account) (**)

90.14
-

66.24

42.69

12,254.23

6,970.45

7,856.48

Particulars
Balances with bank on 'Deposits accounts (Original
maturity more than 3 months but less than 12 months)
(*)

Bank deposits offered as security for Bank guarantees
and letter of credit
Total

Figures as at
1st April 2022

(*) Fixed Deposits of NIL (P.Y ₹ 502 crore) pledged for avaling OD Facilities.
(**) Unspent CSR amount for FY 2022-23 is ₹ 90.14 crore
Note: 2.8.4 Other Financial Assets

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

-

-

Advances to NSL

86.08

41.06

Advances to Subsidiaries

81.62

80.18

149.91

Less: Provision

25.92

24.49

23.21

141.78

96.75

126.76

40.29

54.64

64.34

79.70

21.52

29.16

Figures as at
1st April 2022

Related Parties (Refer Note 2.32.5)
Advances to Directors

0.06

Employees and outsiders
Advances to Employees and outsiders
Interest Accrued
Accrued interest on deposits with banks
Accrued interest on Other
Other Receivables (*)
Total

1.20

1.21

8.20

72.83

367.89

364.62

335.80

542.01

593.08

(*) Additional 10% SPV paid to Monitoring Committee ₹ NIL (PY ₹ 335.78 crore) as directed by DMG (Department of
Mines and Geology) Karnataka.

261

Financial Statements

Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Particulars

Statutory Reports

Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Corporate Overview

on current Accounts

[p.266]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Note: 2.9 Current Tax Asset (Net)

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Advance Income tax & TDS

7,718.67

9,379.67

8,803.32

Less : Provision

6,887.98

8,257.85

7,903.46

Total

830.69

1,121.82

899.86

Particulars

Note: 2.10 Other Current Assets

Particulars
Advances to suppliers, contractors and Prepaid
expenses
Less Provisions
ITC Receivables
Total

Figures as at
1st April 2022

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

911.97

1,188.30

684.14

1.09

2.34

4.03

910.88

1,185.96

680.11

817.57

586.83

489.75

1,728.45

1,772.79

1,169.86

Note: 2.11 Assets Held for Disposal

Figures as at
1st April 2022

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Assets held for disposal

0.98

0.66

0.81

Total

0.98

0.66

0.81

Particulars

262

Figures as at
1st April 2022

[p.267]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Note: 2.12 Equity Share Capital

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

400.00

400.00

400.00

293.07

293.07

293.07

293,06,05,850 (Previous year 293,06,05,850 Equity
shares) of Re.1/- each fully paid up

293.07

293.07

293.07

Total

293.07

293.07

293.07

Particulars

Figures as at
1st April 2022

Authorised:
400,00,00,000 Equity Shares of Re. 1/- each

Issued, Subscribed & Paid up:
Opening Balance
293,06,05,850 (Previous year 293,06,05,850 Equity
shares) of Re.1/- each fully paid up
Add: issue of shares during the year

Corporate Overview

(Previous year 400,00,00,000 Equity Shares of Re.1/each)

Closing Balance

1) No new shares were issued, during the current year & previous year
2) Terms/Rights attached to equity shares :
The company has only one class of equity shares having par value of Re.1/- each and each holder of equity shares is
entitled to one vote per share.

Statutory Reports

Addl. Notes :

3) The details of shares in the company held by each shareholder holding more than 5% shares :
Name of the Share holder

31-03-2024
%of Holding

31-03-2023

No. of Shares

%of Holding

No. of Shares

60.79

1,78,16,33,571

60.79

1,78,16,33,571

ii ) LIC of India (incl all schemes)

6.67

19,55,80,072

11.53

33,77,84,217

263

Financial Statements

i) President of India

[p.268]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Note: 2.13 Other Equity
Particulars
Balance as at 1st April 2022

INR in crore
General
Reserve
15,617.90

Profit for the year

Retained
earnings

Capital
Redemption
Reserve

Other Comprehensive
Income

103.40

(164.62)

2,025.51
5,528.63

29.67

Interim dividend (2022-23)

17,582.19
5,528.63

Other Comprehensive Income net of tax
Demerger Expenses persuant to
scheme of arrangement

Total

29.67

(2.27)

(2.27)

(1,098.98)

(1,098.98)
-

Transfer to General Reserve

4,400.00

(4,400.00)

Total

4,400.00

27.38

-

29.67

4,457.05

Balance as at 31st March 2023

20,017.90

2,052.89

103.40

(134.95)

22,039.24

Balance as at 1st April 2023

20,017.90

2,052.89

103.40

(134.95)

22,039.24

Profit for the year

5,631.91

5,631.91

Other Comprehensive Income net of tax

(38.10)

(38.10)

Interim Dividend (FY 2023-24)

(1,685.11)

(1,685.11)

Final Dividend (FY-2022-23)

(835.23)

(835.23)
-

Transfer to General Reserve

3,000.00

(3,000.00)

Total

3,000.00

111.57

-

(38.10)

3,073.47

23,017.90

2,164.46

103.40

(173.05)

25,112.71

Balance as at 31 Mar 2024
st

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Note 2.14.1 Borrowing (Non- Current)

Particulars

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Total

264

-

-

Figures as at
1st April 2022

[p.269]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Note 2.14.2 Lease Liability

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Lease Liabilties

1.67

4.74

5.85

Total

1.67

4.74

5.85

Particulars

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Other financial Liabilities

150.28

150.28

150.28

Total

150.28

150.28

150.28

Particulars

Note 2.14.4 Provisions(Non- Current)

Figures as at
1st April 2022

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Long Service Reward

36.80

34.50

45.37

Mine closure obligation

1,363.81

1,217.94

1,043.75

Provisions for de-commissioning liability (ARO
Obligation)

3.39

3.12

2.88

Provision - Others (Refer Note 2.34.8)

26.75

-

1,430.75

1,255.56

Figures as at
1st April 2022

Employee Benefits :

Total

1,092.00
INR in crore

Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

-

415.98

1,788.05

Working Capital Loan

1,792.00

-

4.45

Bill discounting of RINL against invoces

1,564.54

1,705.21

1,236.15

Total

3,356.54

2,121.19

3,028.65

Particulars

Figures as at
1st April 2022

Secured
Loan against FDs (*)
Unsecured

(*) Over Drafts availed by pledging Fixed Deposits is NIL (PY ₹ 502 crore)

265

Financial Statements

Note: 2.15.1 Short Term Borrowings

Statutory Reports

Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Particulars

Corporate Overview

Note 2.14.3 Financial Liability (Non- Current)

Figures as at
1st April 2022

[p.270]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Note: 2.15.2 Lease Liability

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Lease Liabilties

0.30

1.47

1.45

Total

0.30

1.47

1.45

Particulars

Note: 2.15.3 Trade Payables

Figures as at
1st April 2022

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

28.29

25.23

26.59

Other than micro and small enterprises

344.23

400.53

637.86

Total

372.52

425.76

664.45

Disclosure Relating to Micro and Small Enterprises

31-03-2024

31-03-2023

01-04-2022

i) (a). The principal amount remaining unpaid to the
supplier as at the end of the year

28.29

25.23

26.59

ii) (b). The interest due on the above amount,
remaining unpaid to the supplier as at the end of the
year

Nil

Nil

Nil

iii) the amount of interest paid in terms of section
16, along with the amount of the payment made to
the supplier beyond the appointed day during each
accounting year;

Nil

Nil

Nil

iv) the amount of interest due and payable for the
period of delay in making payment (which have been
paid but beyond the appointed day during the year)
but without adding the interest specified under
Micro,Small and Medium Enterprises Development
Act,2006;

Nil

Nil

Nil

(v) the amount of interest accrued and remaining
unpaid at the end of each accounting year; and

Nil

Nil

Nil

(vi) the amount of further interest remaining due and
payable even in the succeeding years, until such date
when the interest dues as above are actually paid to
the small enterprise, for the purpose of disallowance
as a deductible expenditure under section 23 of
Micro,Small and Medium Enterprises Development
Act,2006.

Nil

Nil

Nil

Particulars
Total outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises

266

Figures as at
1st April 2022

[p.271]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Note: 2.15.3.(I) Trade Payable (Aging)
As at 31st March 2024

INR in crore
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payments

Particulars

Less than
1year

Not due

1-2 years

2-3 years

More than
3 years

Total

7.36

19.08

0.50

0.29

1.06

28.29

ii) Others

19.24

165.55

28.88

23.05

107.51

344.23

iii) Disputed Dues: MSME

-

-

-

-

-

-

iv) Disputed Dues: Others

-

-

-

-

-

-

26.60

184.63

29.38

23.34

108.57

372.52

Total

Note: Due date is the date on which the amount to be paid to the vendor, for supply of goods and services, upon
receipt and acceptance of goods / services as well as submission of various documents
Note: 2.15.3.(I) Trade Payable (Aging)
As at 31st March 2023

INR in crore

Corporate Overview

i) MSME

Outstanding for following periods from due date of payments
Particulars

Less than
1year

Not due

1-2 years

2-3 years

More than
3 years

Total

8.44

15.48

0.15

1.16

-

25.23

ii) Others

23.28

225.28

52.67

79.93

19.37

400.53

iii) Disputed Dues: MSME

-

iv) Disputed Dues: Others

-

Total

31.72

240.76

52.82

81.09

19.37

425.76

Statutory Reports

i) MSME

Note: Due date is the date on which the amount to be paid to the vendor, for supply of goods and services, upon
receipt and acceptance of goods / services as well as submission of various documents
Relationship with Struck off Companies
Name of the Struck Off Comapany

Nature of
transaction

Transaction
During the
Year 2023-24

Payable

Balance
Outstanding As
at 31-Mar-2024
0.009

Relationship
with the Struck
off companies

1

Bharti Infratel Limited

Vendor

2

Deepak Industries Limited

Paid

0.002

Vendor

3

Network Security Pvt Ltd

Paid

0.003

Vendor

4

Pyrotech Electronics Pvt

Payable

0.005

Vendor

5

Pioneer Tech Engineering Services

Payable

0.013

Vendor

6

Pratah India

7

The Leela Palace- New Delhi

8

Hunting Hawks

9

Dhruva Solutions Pvt Ltd

10

Noice elevator & engineering work (*)

11

Indus Hospital

Paid / Payable

0.002

0.002

Vendor

Paid

0.711

-

Vendor

Paid / Payable

0.002

0.000

Vendor

Payable

0.008

Vendor

Payable

0.000

Vendor

Paid
Total

0.012
0.732

Vendor
0.037

(*) Figures "0.000" indicates values are in hundreds

267

Financial Statements

Sl
NO.

INR in crore

[p.272]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Note: 2.15.4 Other Financial Liabilities

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

2.99

3.55

3.84

Deposits from Suppliers, Contractors and Others

465.69

376.89

173.82

Capital Creditors

92.40

71.78

8.70

Other financial Liabilities (*)

558.02

444.31

335.06

Total

1,119.10

896.53

521.42

Particulars
Unpaid Dividend

Figures as at
1st April 2022

(*) NMDC has purchased a total quantity of 3036.19 wmt of coal from NMDC Steel Limited during the year 2022-23
and amount for ₹ 1.18 crore (PY ₹ 8.34 crore) is adjusted during the current year 2023-24 for Pellet Plant at Donimalai
(Refer Note 2.32.5 (iii)
Note : 2.16 Other Current Liabilities

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

852.94

860.09

1,068.65

61.65

57.98

46.49

Statutory Dues

2,109.59

1,417.77

1,519.91

Total

3,024.18

2,335.84

2,635.05

Particulars
Contract Liabilities (Refer Note - 2.32.3 - b)
Other Payables

Figures as at
1st April 2022

(like withholding and other taxes payable, amounts
payable to employees and others)

Note: 2.17.1 Provisions

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

1.73

2.35

2.35

ii) Provision for gratuity, leave salary, family benefit
scheme and post employment medical benefits

34.97

21.76

12.04

Provision for unspent CSR (*)

217.71

99.12

Total

254.41

123.23

Particulars

Figures as at
1st April 2022

Employee Benefits :
i) Long Service Reward

(*) Provision for unspent CSR includes ₹ 150.92 crore for FY 2023-24 and ₹ 66.79 crore for FY 2022-23

268

14.39

[p.273]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Note: 2.17.2 Current Tax Liabilities (Net)

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Income Tax liability (net) (*)

233.56

-

-

Total

233.56

-

-

Particulars

Figures as at
1st April 2022

Note: 2.18 Revenue from Operations

INR in crore
Figures for
the previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

21,049.47

17,447.39

b) Sale of Power

6.25

6.08

c) Sale of Services

1.84

42.13

232.40

165.50

3.85

5.78

21,293.81

17,666.88

Particulars
Sale of Products (Domestic):
a) Iron Ore (*)

d) Sale of Pellets
e) Other operating revenue
Total

(*) w.e.f 18th July 2023, Company has switched over to inclusive pricing for Iron Ore, accordingly Iron Ore sales are
reported in gross
Note: 2.19 Other Income

INR in crore
Figures for
the previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

i) Deposits with Banks

921.05

415.40

ii) Others

110.68

128.23

1,031.73

543.63

b) Gain in Exchange

0.13

1.49

c) Profit on sale/adjustment of assets

0.07

1.30

d) Profit on sale of Current investments( MF)

0.22

4.90

323.39

196.53

1,355.54

747.85

Particulars
a) Interest Income:

f) Other non operating income
Total

269

Financial Statements

Figures for
the current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Statutory Reports

Figures for
the current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Corporate Overview

(*) Liability related to FY 2021-22 (AY 2022-23) paid on 10th April 2024

[p.274]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Note: 2.20 Consumption of Raw Materials

INR in crore
Figures for
the current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures for
the previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Iron ore

3.92

60.10

Lime Stone

1.72

1.08

Bentonet

1.52

1.02

Internal Handling of Raw Materials

13.81

8.39

Total

20.97

70.59

Particulars

Note: 2.21 Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods and Work in Progress

INR in crore
Figures for
the current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures for
the previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Balance as at the beginning of the Year

0.90

2.30

Less: Balance as at close of the Year

0.80

0.90

0.10

1.40

Balance as at the beginning of the Year

2,369.63

1,887.25

Less: Balance as at close of the Year

2,400.28

2,369.63

(30.65)

(482.38)

Balance as at the beginning of the Year

0.43

0.70

Less: Balance as at close of the Year

13.58

0.43

(13.15)

0.27

Balance as at the beginning of the Year

28.60

12.98

Less: Balance as at close of the Year

50.98

28.60

(22.38)

(15.62)

(66.08)

(496.33)

Particulars
Work-in-process:

Finished Goods:

Finished Goods (Iron Ore lying at Pellet Plant):

Finished Goods: (Iron Ore Pellets)

Total

270

[p.275]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Note: 2.22 Employee Benefit Expense

INR in crore
Figures for
the current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures for
the previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

1,200.14

1,063.72

Provident Fund, FPS & DLI

63.21

55.70

Pension Fund

52.56

47.75

9.14

9.18

294.39

350.15

1,619.44

1,526.50

Particulars
Salaries, Wages & Bonus
Contribution to Provident fund and other funds

Staff Welfare Expenses
Total
Note: 2.23 Power,Electricity and Water Charges

INR in crore
Figures for
the previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Power charges

138.07

117.67

Electricity charges

24.63

22.66

Water charges

5.38

3.74

168.08

144.07

Particulars

Total
Note: 2.24 Repairs & Maintenance

INR in crore
Figures for
the previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Buildings

79.03

53.64

Plant and Machinery

64.25

63.82

Vehicles

1.00

0.93

Others

101.87

91.54

Total

246.15

209.93

Particulars

Note: 2.25 Selling Expense

INR in crore
Figures for
the current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures for
the previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

-

4.65

Infrastructure Development cess

35.03

30.14

Environmental Development cess

35.03

30.14

Other selling expenses

259.46

198.07

Total

329.52

263.00

Particulars
Railway freight

271

Financial Statements

Figures for
the current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Statutory Reports

Figures for
the current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Corporate Overview

Group Gratuity Fund

[p.276]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Note: 2.26 Finance Cost

INR in crore
Figures for
the current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures for
the previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

i) Interest on Short term Borrowings

71.34

68.30

ii) Interest - Others

6.63

6.69

iii) Interest on deposit from contractors, suppliers & others

0.27

0.24

78.24

75.23

Particulars

Total
Interest on short term borrowing is for meeting working capital requirement.
Note: 2.27 Other Expenses

INR in crore
Figures for
the current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures for
the previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Rent

0.81

1.88

Insurance

10.01

11.70

Rates & Taxes

7.95

6.17

Directors' Travelling expenses

12.39

10.84

Directors' Sitting Fees

0.28

0.21

As audit Fee

0.74

0.55

For taxation matters

0.04

-

For Other Services

0.44

0.36

For reimbursement of expenses

0.03

0.06

Loss on sale/adjustment of Assets

0.79

1.21

Miscellaneous losses written off

1.01

3.69

Provision for doubtful debts/advances

3.61

13.02

Mine closure Obligation

145.84

174.15

Raising and Transportation

135.81

130.81

Local Area Development ( Towards SPV in Karnataka)

589.80

395.44

Compensation paid to Statutory Agencies

0.01

-

Entertainment

2.50

3.84

Travelling & Conveyance

89.91

67.40

Advertisement & Publicity

29.54

27.41

Postage, Telephone & Telex

4.32

3.35

Stationery & Printing

3.96

2.20

Consultancy charges

28.19

10.88

CISF/Security guards

222.99

220.69

0.39

0.60

Particulars

Payment to Auditors (including branch auditors):

Safety expenses

272

[p.277]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Figures for
the previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Corporate Social Responsibility (*)

197.07

186.70

Loss in Exchange variation (net)

0.51

0.15

Environmental Development

22.50

47.32

Expenditure on enabling facilities for the company

175.09

154.06

Other expenses

131.53

130.01

1,818.06

1,604.70

(*) CSR Expenditure for the Year

197.07

186.70

CSR Expenditure as per Statutory obligation( incuding Unspent Provision
of ₹ 150.92 crore (PY ₹ 99.12crore)

197.07

186.70

-

-

Particulars

Total

Note: 2.28 Exceptional Items

Corporate Overview

Figures for
the current
reporting year
31st March 2024

INR in crore

Particulars

Figures for
the previous
reporting year
31st March 2023
-

i) Amount Received from Monitoring Company - towards 10% of the
amoount With held (**)

-

957.60

ii) Amount Received agaisnt disinvestment of NINL (***)

-

279.67

(282.15)

1,237.27

Expenditure towards regularization of Forest Land of 111.941 Ha at
Donimalai Project, Karnataka (Refer Note - 2.34.8)
Add:
Income

Total

(**) Amount Received from Monitoring Company - towards 10% of the amount With held for the period 1st Jan 2019
to 31.03.2022 for Amount of ₹ 957.60 crore, as per note no. 2.34.5. in PY 2022-23
(***) Amount received against Strategic Disinvestment of NINL in PY 2022-23.

273

Financial Statements

(282.15)

Statutory Reports

Expenditure

Figures for
the current
reporting year
31st March 2024

[p.278]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Note: 2.29 Tax Expenses
INR in crore

Reconciliation of Effective Tax rate and Statutory tax Rate as on 31st March 2024
Figures for
the current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures for
the previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Current Tax on profit for the year

2,117.62

1,664.65

Tax on discontinuing operations

(12.81)

9.98

Tax on OCI item

(0.33)

(0.23)

2,104.48

1,674.40

231.18

172.13

2,335.66

1,846.53

Decrease/(increase) in deferred tax assets

15.72

247.90

(Decrease)/increase in deferred tax liabilities

15.90

23.53

Total deferred tax expenses/(benefit)

31.62

271.43

2,367.28

2,117.96

Particulars
CURRENT TAX

Adjustement of current tax for prior period
Total current tax expenses
DEFERRED TAX

Total

Particulars
Accounting profit before tax from continuing
operations

Amount
Rs. In crore

Tax ₹ In crore

Tax %

8,013.30

Profit/(loss) before tax from discontinued operations

(1.32)

Other Comprehensive Income

(50.91)

Total

7,961.07

Accounting profit before income tax
Income tax rate

25.168

Tax at Income tax rate
CSR expenses
Provision for bad & doubtful debts / advances
Depreciation
Increase in Doubtful Debt & Advances
Other items

2,003.64
197.07

49.60

0.623

3.61

0.91

0.011

(32.99)

(8.30)

(0.104)

0.54

0.14

0.002

232.41

58.49

0.735

2,104.48

26.43

Taxable income

8,361.71

Current Tax on Profit for the year at 25.168%

2,104.48

274

[p.279]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
NOTE 2.30 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

INR in crore
Figures for the current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures for the previous
reporting year
31st March 2024

i. Components & Spare parts

20.99

5.48

ii. Capital Goods

25.75

11.77

-

-

0.61

3.44

Particulars
2.30.1. Value of imports calculated on CIF basis:

i. Consultancy charges
ii. Others
2.30.3. Particulars of consumption of raw material
Raw material

Value

a) Imported
b) Indigenous

Percentage

Value

Percentage

-

-

-

20.97

100.00

70.59

100.00

20.97

100.00

70.59

100.00

Corporate Overview

2.30.2. Expenditure in foreign currency:

2.30.4. Particulars of consumption of Stores & spares:
Components & spare parts (including consumable stores)
b) Indigenous
2.30.5. Foreign Exchange earnings :

Percentage

Value

Percentage

1.85

0.31

1.69

0.30

586.49

99.69

554.65

99.70

588.34

100.00

556.34

100.00

-

-

-

-

Statutory Reports

a) Imported

Value

Financial Statements

275

[p.280]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
2.31. Contingent liabilities and Commitments (to the extent not provided for)
A.

Contingent liabilities
INR in crore

Sl.
No.

Particulars

1.1

Claims against the company not
acknowledged as debts consisting of:

a

Common Cause notice of the District
Collector, Dantewada

b

As at
31-03-2023

Additions

As at
31-03-2024

Deletions

1,623.44

-

-

1,623.44

GST and Service Tax

260.22

368.66

2.48

626.40

c

Property Tax

105.85

127.27

-

233.12

d

Forest Permit Fee

144.62

-

-

144.62

e

Export Tax

30.89

1.78

-

32.67

f

Income Tax

30.26

1.64

-

31.90

g

Others taxes

167.94

0.10

1.60

166.44

h

Claims by contractors under arbitration

i

i.

On capital account

121.93

6.24

-

128.17

ii.

On revenue account

1.03

-

-

1.03

166.28

22.52

6.54

182.26

2,652.46

528.21

10.62

3,170.05

Other claims on company not acknowledged
as debts
Total

31-Mar-2024
1.2

Contingent liability on bills discounted/ LCs/
BG’s

1,387.35

31-Mar-2023 Restated
(Refer Note-2.34.13)
1,341.50

The Company’s pending litigations comprise claims against the company and proceedings pending with Tax/
Statutory/Government Authorities. After review of all its pending litigations and proceedings, the company has
made adequate provisions wherever required and disclosed under Contingent liabilities wherever applicable, in
the financial statements. The Company does not expect the outcome of these litigations/proceedings to have a
material impact on its financial position.
1.3 : Disputed claims under ‘ Karnataka Forest Act:
Government of Karnataka had introduced Forest Development Tax (FDT), to pay @ 12% on the sale value of iron
ore with effect from 27.08.2008. NMDC preferred an appeal before Hon’ble High Court of Karnataka and the
court passed an interim order directing the Company to pay 50% of FDT, consisting of 25% in cash and balance
25% in the form of Bank Guarantee.
The total implication @12% was ₹ 487.37 crores. Department has issued a demand notice for ₹ 121.84 crores
(25% of 12%) towards FDT along with interest to the tune of ₹ 17.93 crores towards interest for delayed payment
and sought Bank Guarantee for equivalent amounts. NMDC has paid ₹ 139.77 crores in cash and submitted B.G
for equivalent amount.
Hon’ble High Court of Karnataka vide order dated 03.12.2015 had quashed the orders of Government of
Karnataka levying the FDT and ordered refund of the tax collected within three months and accordingly the
Company has lodged refund claims. However, Government of Karnataka has filed a Special Leave Petition with
Hon’ble Supreme Court of India, challenging the orders of Hon’ble High Court of Karnataka. Hon’ble Supreme
Court of India has accepted the same and imposed stay on refund of the FDT amount.

276

[p.281]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Against total liability of ₹ 523.22 crores (FDT ₹ 487.37 crores plus interest of ₹ 35.85 crores) NMDC has
collected an amount of ₹ 253.99 crores (₹ 150.28 crores in cash and ₹ 103.71 crores in B.G) from customers and
balance ₹ 269.23 crores is recoverable from the customers which is shown under contingent liability i.e
₹ 129.46 crores under disputed claims at 1.1.g and ₹ 139.77 crores under 1.2.
B.

Commitments: (INR in crore)
Sl.
No.

Particulars
Estimated Amount of contracts remaining to be executed on
Capital account

1.2

Other commitments- commitments to subsidiaries and JV

3,231.05

As at
31-03-2023
3,252.42

Nil

Nil

2.32 DISCLOSURES UNDER ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
2.32.1 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS AS PER Ind - AS-19
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF DEFINED/CONTRIBUTORY BENEFIT PLANS :

Pension Fund
scheme

The company’s contribution to the defined contribution pension scheme is remitted to a separate
trust based on a fixed percentage of the eligible employees’ salary. Company's liability is limited to
the extent of fixed contribution.

2.32.1 . B

Defined Benefit Plan

1. Provident
fund

The company’s contribution to the provident fund is remitted to a separate trust based on a fixed
percentage of the eligible employees’ salary. Further, the company makes good the shortfall, if
any, between the return from investments of trust and the notified rate of interest on actuarial
valuation basis.

2. Gratuity

Eligible amount of Gratuity is paid to the employees on separation as per The Payment of Gratuity
Trust as per Gratuity Act . The gratuity scheme is funded by the company and managed by NMDC
Group gratuity Trust. The liability for the gratuity under the scheme is recognised on the basis of
actuarial valuation.

3. Settlement
Allowance

Employees are paid eligible amount at the time of retirement for their settlement by the NMDC
Employees Superannuation Benefit Fund Trust. The liability for the same is recognised on the
basis of the actuarial valuation.

4. Post
Retirement
Medical
Facilities

Retired employees opting for the Post Retirement Medical Benefit Scheme on contribution of
prescribed amount can avail medical benefits as per the Scheme. The liability under the scheme
is recognised on the basis of the actuarial valuation and the liability is funded to and managed by
NMDC Employees Superannuation Benefit Fund Trust.

2.32.1 . C

Other Long Term employee Benefits

1. Family
Benefit
Scheme

Monthly payments to disabled separated employees/legal heirs of deceased employees on
deposit of prescribed amount, till the notional date of superannuation and the liability is funded
to NMDC Employees Superannuation Benefit Fund Trust. The liability under the scheme is
recognised on the basis of the actuarial valuation

2. Long
Employees are presented with an award in kind on rendering prescribed length of service. The
Service Award liability under the scheme is recognised on the basis of the actuarial valuation.
3. Accrued
Leave Salary

Encashment of accumulated leave payable as per the rules of the Company to the employees on
separation is made by NMDC Employees Superannuation Benefit Fund Trust. The liability under
the scheme is recognised on the basis of the actuarial valuation. The liability is funded to and
managed by NMDC Employees Superannuation Benefit Fund Trust

277

Financial Statements

Defined Contribution Plan

Statutory Reports

2.32.1 . A

Corporate Overview

1.1

As at
31-03-2024

[p.282]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
2.32.1 . D . OTHER DISCLOSURES :
i) Provident fund :
The company has obtained Actuarial valuation in accordance with Ind AS 19 of its Provident Fund and there is no
shortfall in the funds managed by the trust as on 31st March 2024. The present value of obligation, the fair value of
the plan assets and other key assumptions are summarised below.
Year ended
31.3.2024

Particulars

Year ended
31.3.2023

Fair Value of Plan Assets at end of year

1,995.87

1,806.71

Defined Benefit Obligation at end of year

1,988.54

1,802.81

Discount Rate

7.22%

7.50%

Guaranteed Rate of return

8.25%

8.15%

Interest Rate declared by the Trust ( Expected)

8.25%

8.15%

Investments of Provident Fund
% of Investment

Particulars

31/3/ 2024

31/3/ 2023

Government Securities Bonds

61.61%

63.18%

Debt Insturments

28.84%

29.68%

Equity related Investments (MUF)

9.55%

7.14%

100.00%

100.00%

Total
ii) Other defined benefit plans :

(₹ in crore)

Gratuity

Accrued
Leave Salary
(including Half
Pay leave)

Settlement
Allowance

Post
retirement
medical
facilities

Family
Benefit
Scheme

Long
Service
Award

Present value of obligation at the
beginning of the year

359.37

253.32

18.91

559.43

51.41

47.71

Interest cost

26.30

18.55

-

38.93

-

3.32

Current service cost

9.65

31.71

-

31.08

-

2.10

-

-

-

-

-

-

(33.40)

(14.41)

(0.60)

(49.62)

(10.40)

(0.35)

Actuarial gain/loss on obligation

(6.69)

(14.74)

(1.18)

(30.66)

12.47

(15.95)

Present value of obligation at the
end of the year

355.23

274.43

17.13

549.16

53.48

36.83

355.23

274.43

17.13

549.16

53.48

36.83

Interest cost

25.41

20.10

-

38.99

-

2.76

Current service cost

9.42

71.70

-

32.37

-

1.43

Particulars
A. Changes in the present value
of obligation for the year ended
31st March 2023

Past service cost
Benefits paid/payable

31st March 2024
Present value of obligation at the
beginning of the year

278

[p.283]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Family
Benefit
Scheme

Long
Service
Award

-

-

-

-

-

-

(32.74)

(12.86)

(1.37)

(64.60)

(13.04)

(1.33)

Actuarial gain/loss on obligation

10.35

(65.72)

3.99

16.00

24.41

(1.15)

Present value of obligation at the
end of the year

367.67

287.65

19.75

571.92

64.85

38.54

Fair value of plan assets at the
beginning of the year

353.02

257.98

47.00

591.22

39.37

-

Expected return on plan assets

25.35

19.80

3.48

40.23

1.81

-

7.15

0.01

-

-

12.04

-

(33.40)

(14.41)

(0.60)

(49.62)

(10.40)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

352.12

263.37

49.88

581.83

42.82

-

Fair value of plan assets at the
beginning of the year

352.12

263.37

49.88

581.83

42.82

-

Expected return on plan assets

25.64

20.27

3.70

45.72

4.25

-

Contributions

3.76

11.06

-

-

10.66

-

(32.74)

(12.86)

(1.37)

(64.60)

(13.04)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

348.78

281.84

52.21

562.95

44.69

-

Present value of the obligations at
the end of the year

355.23

274.43

17.13

549.16

53.48

36.83

Fair value of plan assets at the
end of the year

352.12

263.37

49.88

581.83

42.82

-

3.11

11.06

(32.75)

(32.67)

10.66

36.83

Present value of the obligations at
the end of the year

367.67

287.65

19.75

571.92

64.85

38.54

Fair value of plan assets at the
end of the year

348.78

281.84

52.21

562.95

44.69

-

18.89

5.81

(32.46)

8.97

20.16

38.54

Particulars
Past service cost
Benefits paid/payable

B. Changes in the fair value of the
Plan Assets for the year ended
31st March 2023

Contributions
Benefits paid/payable
Actuarial gain/loss on plan assets
Fair value of plan assets at the
end of the year
31st March 2024

Benefits paid/payable
Actuarial gain/loss on plan assets
Fair value of plan assets at the
end of the year
C. Amounts recognised in the
Balance sheet as on
31st March 2023

Liability(+)/Asset (-) recognised in
the balance sheet
31st March 2024

Liability(+)/Asset (-) recognised in
the balance sheet

279

Financial Statements

Post
retirement
medical
facilities

Statutory Reports

Settlement
Allowance

Corporate Overview

Gratuity

Accrued
Leave Salary
(including Half
Pay leave)

[p.284]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.

Gratuity

Accrued
Leave Salary
(including Half
Pay leave)

Settlement
Allowance

Post
retirement
medical
facilities

Family
Benefit
Scheme

Long
Service
Award

9.65

31.71

-

31.08

-

2.10

-

-

-

-

-

-

Interest cost

26.30

18.55

-

38.93

-

3.32

Expected return on plan assets

(25.35)

(19.80)

(3.48)

(40.23)

(1.81)

-

Net actuarial gain/loss recognised
in the year (OCI)

(6.69)

(14.74)

(1.18)

(30.66)

12.47

(15.95)

3.91

15.73

(4.66)

(0.88)

10.66

(10.53)

9.42

71.70

-

32.37

-

1.43

-

-

-

-

-

-

25.41

20.10

-

38.99

-

2.76

(25.64)

(20.27)

(3.70)

(45.72)

(4.25)

-

Net actuarial gain/loss recognised
in the year (OCI)

10.35

(65.72)

3.99

16.00

24.41

(1.15)

Total

19.54

5.81

0.29

41.64

20.16

3.04

Particulars
D. Amounts recognised in the
Statement of P&L for the year
ended
31st March 2023
Current service cost
Past service cost

Total
31st March 2024
Current service cost
Past service cost
Interest cost
Expected return on plan assets

E. PRINCIPAL ACTUARIAL ASSUMPTIONS :
DESCRIPTION

2023-2024

2022-2023

2021-2022

i. Discount Rate

7.22%

7.50%

7.32%

ii. Mortality Rate

IALM (2012-14) Till age
60 and IIAMT (2012-15)
Thereafter

IALM (2012-14) Till age
60 and IIAMT (2012-15)
Thereafter

IALM (2012-14) Till age
60 and IIAMT (2012-15)
Thereafter

iii. Medical Cost Trend rates

6%

5%

5%

iv. Withdrawal rate

1%

1%

1%

6.50%

6.50%

6.50%

iv. Future salary increase

i) The discount rate adopted above is based on market yields at the balance sheet date on government bonds.
ii) In line with the report of the 3rd Pay Revision Committee, the ceiling of gratuity enhanced from ₹ 10 lakhs to ₹ 20
lakhs for provision of gratuity

280

[p.285]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
F. Sensitivity analysis
The sensitivity of the defined benefit obligation to changes in the weighted principal assumption is :
a) Gratuity

(₹ in crore)
1% Decrease

1% Increase

1% Decrease

31/3/ 2024

31/3/ 2024

31/3/ 2023

31/3/ 2023

A Effect of 1% Change in the Assumed Discount Rate

338.67

401.28

316.81

372.60

1. Effect on DBO (%)

(7.89)

9.14

(7.50)

8.00

A Effect of 1% Change in the Assumed Salary Rate

376.97

356.60

355.58

327.97

2.53

(3.01)

3.80

(4.30)

376.87

357.24

348.62

335.85

2.50

(2.84)

1.70

(2.00)

2. Effect on DBO (%)
A Effect of 1% Change in the Assumed Attrition Rate
3. Effect on DBO (%)
b) Accrued Leave Salary

(₹ in crore)
1% Decrease

1% Increase

1% Decrease

31/3/ 2024

31/3/ 2024

31/3/ 2023

31/3/ 2023

A Effect of 1% Change in the Assumed Discount Rate

221.96

242.55

247.96

270.48

1. Effect on DBO (%)

(4.20)

4.70

(4.10)

4.60

A Effect of 1% Change in the Assumed Salary Rate

243.85

220.56

270.56

247.68

5.20

(4.80)

4.60

(4.30)

231.70

231.82

258.63

258.74

-

-

-

-

2. Effect on DBO (%)
A Effect of 1% Change in the Assumed Attrition Rate
3. Effect on DBO (%)
c) Accrued Leave Salary (Half Pay Leave)

(₹ in crore)
1% Decrease

1% Increase

1% Decrease

31/3/ 2024

31/3/ 2024

31/3/ 2023

31/3/ 2023

A Effect of 1% Change in the Assumed Discount Rate

51.60

60.85

14.88

16.73

1. Effect on DBO (%)

(7.70)

8.90

(5.60)

6.20

A Effect of 1% Change in the Assumed Salary Rate

61.15

51.27

16.73

14.87

2. Effect on DBO (%)

9.40

(8.30)

6.10

(5.60)

A Effect of 1% Change in the Assumed Attrition Rate

55.84

55.95

15.76

15.76

3. Effect on DBO (%)

(0.10)

0.10

-

-

281

Financial Statements

1% Increase

Particulars

Statutory Reports

1% Increase

Particulars

Corporate Overview

1% Increase

Particulars

[p.286]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
d) Post Retirement Medical Facilities

(₹ in crore)
+100 Basic
Points

-100 Basic
Points

+100 Basic
Points

-100 Basic
Points

31/3/ 2024

31/3/ 2024

31/3/ 2023

31/3/ 2023

A Effect of Change in the Assumed Discount Rate

475.28

701.76

450.88

683.20

1. Effect on DBO (%)

(16.90)

22.70

(17.90)

24.41

A Effect of Change in the Medical inflation Rate

705.34

471.27

686.49

447.06

2. Effect on DBO (%)

23.33

(17.60)

25.01

(18.59)

Particulars

e) Long Service Award Scheme

(₹ in crore)

Particulars

31/3/ 2024

31/3/ 2024

31/3/ 2023

31/3/ 2023

+100 Basic
Points

-100 Basic
Points

+100 Basic
Points

-100 Basic
Points

A Effect of Change in the Assumed Discount Rate

34.77

42.95

33.29

41.00

1. Effect on DBO (%)

(9.76)

11.45

(9.64)

11.29

1% Increase

1% Decrease

1% Increase

1% Decrease

A Effect of 1% Change in the Gold Rate

42.67

34.93

40.75

33.43

2. Effect on DBO (%)

10.73

(9.36)

10.62

(9.26)

f) Defined benefit liability

(₹ in crore)

The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation is 5 years for Leave encashment benefit ,10 years
for gratuity scheme as on 31 March 2024 .The expected maturity analysis of gratuity and compensated absences is
as under :
Less than
a year

Between
2 - 5 years

between
5 -10 years

Over
10 years

Total

31 March 2024
Gratuity scheme

34.60

128.87

134.74

69.46

367.67

Accrued leave salary

43.25

129.22

59.29

-

231.76

Accrued Leave Salary (Half Pay Leave)

5.22

20.36

21.94

8.00

55.89

Post retirement medical benefits

17.01

80.09

131.99

342.83

571.92

-

0.90

-

37.64

38.54

100.08

359.44

347.96

457.93

1,265.78

Long Service Award Scheme
Total

282

[p.287]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
(₹ in crore)
The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation is 6.99 years for Leave encashment benefit, 9.47
years for gratuity scheme as on 31 March 2023 .The expected maturity analysis of gratuity and compensated
absences is as under :
Less than
a year

Between
2 - 5 years

between
5 -10 years

Over
10 years

Total

31 March 2023
37.75

135.56

144.43

37.49

355.23

Accrued leave salary

50.08

144.95

63.65

-

258.68

Accrued Leave Salary (Half Pay Leave)

1.57

7.82

6.36

-

15.75

Post retirement medical benefits

15.67

71.59

116.85

345.05

549.16

-

1.54

35.29

36.83

105.07

361.46

417.83

1,215.65

Long Service Award Scheme
Total

331.29

Investments of Gratuity Funds
Particulars

% of Investment
31/3/ 2024

31/3/ 2023

100%

100%

Total

100%

100%

Investments of Post Retirement Medical Banefit Scheme

Insurance Investments

% of Investment
31/3/ 2024

31/3/ 2023

99.99%

99.99%

Cash at Bank

0.01%

0.01%

Total

100%

100%

Particulars
Insurance Investments
Total

% of Investment
31/3/ 2024

31/3/ 2023

100.00%

100.00%

100%

100%

Investments of Leave Encashment
Particulars
Insurance Investments
Total

% of Investment
31/3/ 2024

31/3/ 2023

100.00%

100.00%

100%

100%

283

Financial Statements

Investments of Family Benefit Scheme

Statutory Reports

Insurance Funds with LIC

Particulars

Corporate Overview

Gratuity scheme

[p.288]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Investments of Settlement Allowance
Particulars

% of Investment
31/3/ 2024

Insurance Investments with LIC
Total
g) Risk exposure:
Through the defined benefit plans, the Company is
exposed to a number of risk, the most significant of
which are detailed below.
i) Investment Risk
Most of the plan asset investments are in government
securities, other fixed income securities with high
rating grades and mutual funds/ ETFs ( Exchange
Traded Funds). The fair value of these assets is subject
to volatility due to change in interest rates and other
market & macro-economic factors. There is also a risk of
asset liability matching i.e the cash flow for plan assets
does not match with cash flow for plan liabilities.
ii) Change in discount rate:
The present value of defined benefit plan liabilities is
calculated using a discount rate which is determined
by reference to government bond's' yields at the end of
the reporting period. A decrease (increase) in discount
rate will increase ( decrease) present values of plan
liabilities, although this will be partially offset by an
increase in the value of the plans' investments.
iii) Mortality rate risk
The present value of the defined benefit plan liability
is calculated by reference to the best estimate of the
mortality of plan participants both during and after their
employment. As increase in the life expectancy of the
plan participants will increase the plan's liability.
iv) Salary escalation risk
The present value of the defined benefit plan liability
is calculated by reference to the future salaries of plan
participants. As such, an increase in the salary of the
plan participants will increase the plan's liability.

31/3/ 2023

100.00%

100.00%

100%

100%

by the Board of Directors to make decisions about
resources to be allocated to the segments and assess
their performance.
The company has two reportable segments, as
described below, which are the company's strategic
business units. These business units offer different
products and services, and are managed separately
because they require different technology and
marketing strategies. For each of the business units,
the company’s Board reviews internal management
reports on a periodic basis. Iron Ore being major
segment contributes about 98.85% of total revenue of
the company and all other items consisting of Iron Ore
Pellets, Loading services, Wind Power sales contribute
to 1.14% of total revenue
The following summary describes the operations in each
of the company's reportable segments:
B. Information about reportable segments
Information regarding the results of each reportable
segment is included below. Performance is measured
based on segment profit (before tax), segment
revenue and segment capital employed as included
in the internal management reports that are reviewed
by the board of directors. Segment profit is used to
measure performance as management believes that
such information is the most relevant in evaluating the
results of certain segments relative to other entities that
operate within these industries. Inter-segment pricing is
determined on an arm's length basis.
C. Description and Type of Products under each
segment:
Iron Ore - Extract and Sale of Iron Ore
All other segments:

v) Turnover rate/Withdrawal rate of employee

Pellets - Manufacturing of Iron Ore Pellets

If the actual employee withdrawal rate in the future
turns out to be more or less than expected then it may
result in increase/decrease in the liability.

Wind Power - Generation and sale of Power to BESCOM

2.32.2. Segment Reporting as per Ind - AS-108
A. Basis for segmentation
An operating segment is a component of the company
that engages in business activities from which it may
earn revenues and incur expenses and for which
discrete financial information is available. All operating
segments’ operating results are reviewed regularly

284

Loading Services - Loading of Iron Ore in to wagons /
trucks
Information about major customers:
Revenue from three customers of Iron Ore Segment
contributes to 56% of Company's revenue from Iron Ore
Sales
Measurement of operating segment profit or loss,
assets and liabilities:

[p.289]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
The Accounting policies of operating segments are same as those described in the Material Accounting Policy
Information of the Company.
Reportable Segments
Business Segments

(INR in crore)
Iron Ore

Particualrs

All other Segments
(Pellets, Other
Minerals & Services)

Other reconciliation
items

Grand Total

Previous
year

Current
year

Previous
year

Current
year

Previous
year

Current
year

Previous
year

External Sales

21,049.47

17,459.83

242.59

205.39

1.75

1.66

21,293.81

17,666.88

Inter-Segment
Sales

-

-

-

Total Revenue

21,049.47

17,459.83

242.59

205.39

1.75

1.66

7,756.87

7,581.99

(140.25)

(152.84)

(124.09)

150.17

1.REVENUE
-

-

21,293.81 17,666.88

2. RESULT
Segment Result

7,579.32

Unallocated
Corporate Exps

(434.03)

(411.11)

Operating Profit

7,058.50

7,168.21

Finance Cost

(78.24)

(75.23)

Interest Income

1,031.73

543.63

Income Taxes

(2,380.10)

(2,107.98)

Net Profit

5,631.89

5,528.63

3. OTHER
INFORMATION
14,755.36

14,589.71

470.90

476.64 20,122.83

14,580.56

Segment Liabilities

5,897.74

5,223.27

Tangible Assets

369.67

Intangible Assets

79.37

ROU Assets

2.88

35,349.09 29,646.91

45.71

39.83

3,999.86

2,051.50

9,943.31

7,314.60

269.28

8.72

0.55

11.91

13.25

390.30

283.08

246.38

3.92

-

19.00

6.43

102.29

252.81

-

-

2.88

-

Additions to
assets during the
year :

Depreciation and
Amortisation

305.75

258.42

1.16

33.10

38.90

43.89

345.81

335.41

(8.76)

-

-

-

(8.76)

-

0.03

0.28

2.14

5.94

4.62

16.71

expenses during
the year
Impairment
reversal/provided
Non-Cash
expenses other
than

2.45

10.49

Depreciation &
amortization

285

Financial Statements

Segment Assets

Statutory Reports

7,492.53

Corporate Overview

Current
year

[p.290]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Geographical Segments
Sales Revenue by location of Customers:

(INR in crore)

Revenue from External customers

Current year

- Domestic

Previous year

21,293.81

17,666.88

-

-

21,293.81

17,666.88

- Export : Through MMTC
Total
Assets by Geographical Location:
Location

(INR in crore)
Carrying amount of

Additions to Tangible and

Segment Assets

Intangible Assets

Curr. Year

Prev. Year

Curr. Year

Prev. Year

Chattisgarh

13,091.48

11,514.31

338.00

259.62

Telangana & Andhra Pradesh

20,126.68

14,586.53

30.34

6.67

Karnataka

2,075.93

3,517.00

114.73

269.08

55.00

29.07

12.40

0.52

35,349.09

29,646.91

495.47

535.89

Others
Total
Note No. 2.32.3
Disclosures – Revenue (Ind AS 115)
a) Disaggregated revenue information

(INR in crore)

Set out below is the disaggregation of the Company’s revenue from contract with customers
Segment

Year ended
31st March 2024

Year ended
31st March 2023

Type of goods or service
Sale of goods
-Iron ore

21,049.47

17,447.39

-Sponge iron

-

-

-Diamonds

-

-

-Sale of pellets

232.40

165.50

-Sale of power

6.25

6.08

1.84

42.13

Sale of services
-Sale of services
Others
Other operating revenue

3.85

5.78

Total revenue from contracts with customers

21,293.81

17,666.88

India

21,293.81

17,666.88

-

-

21,293.81

17,666.88

21,285.72

17,618.67

8.09

48.21

21,293.81

17,666.88

Outside India
Total revenue from contracts with customers
Timing of revenue recognition
Goods transferred at a point in time
Services transferred over time
Total revenue from contracts with customers

286

[p.291]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Set out below, is the reconciliation of the revenue from contracts with customers with the amounts disclosed in the
segment reporting
(INR crore)
31st March 2024
Particulars

Sale of
goods

31st March 2023

Sale of
services

Sale of
goods

Sale of
services

Revenue
External customer

1.84

17,624.75

42.13

Inter-segment

0.00

-

-

-

Inter-segment adjustment and elimination

0.00

-

-

-

21,291.97

1.84

17,624.75

42.13

Total revenue from contracts with customers
b) Contract balances

(INR crore)
Segment

Trade receivables ( Net)
Contract assets
Contract liabilities

31st March 2024

31st March 2023

3,499.21

4,361.23

-

-

852.94

860.09

Contract assets are generally recognised in case of supply of services only when the receipt of money is conditional
on milestone even after satisfaction of performance obligation. In case of sale of goods, directly receivable is
recognised as company has unconditional right to payment from the moment performance obligation is satisfied.
Contract liabilities includes advance received from customer which will be adjusted towards supply of goods or
services.

Statutory Reports

Trade receivables are non-interest bearing . As on March 2024, ₹ 1,905.67 crore (March 2023: ₹ 1,905.13 crore) was
recognised as provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables.

Corporate Overview

21,291.97

2.32.4: Accounting policies, change in Accounting Estimates and Errors (As per Ind-AS 8):
I

Review of Accounting Policies

Para (G) (ii) of the notification:
In paragraph 10, in item (e), for the words “significant accounting policies”, the words “material accounting
policy information” shall be submitted.
Further Para (G) (iv) of the notification states that:
“An entity shall disclose material accounting policy information. Accounting policy information is material if,
when considered together with other information included in an entity’s financial statements, it can reasonably
be expected to influence decisions that the primary user of general purpose financial statements make on the
basis of those financial statements”.
Accordingly, the significant accounting policies of NMDC Standalone Financial Statements (SFS) are reviewed
in the current financial year 2023-24 in line with the amendments as per the above said notification and only
Material Accounting Policy information is given. The changes made in the Accounting policies have no financial
impact on the financial statements for the F.Y 2023-24.

287

Financial Statements

Ministry of Corporate Affairs vide notification dt. 31.03.2023 has made the following amendments to the
existing IND AS vide Companies (Indian Accounting Standard) Amendment Rules, 2023. These amendments
to the extent relevant to the Company’s operation include amendment to IND_AS 01 (Presentation of Financial
Statements) which requires the entities to disclose their material accounting policies rather than significant
accounting policies which is reproduced below:

[p.292]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
2.32.5 : Related Party Disclosures (IndAS-24)-:
i)

List of related parties
Holding as at

Country of
incorporation

No. of Shares
Held

Legacy Iron Ore Limited

Australia

704,88,65,975

J & K Mineral Development Corporation
Limited

India

28,51,002

Karnataka Vijaynagar Steel Limited

India

1,00,000

100%

100%

NMDC-SARL, Madagaskar (Under closure)

Africa

41,85,590

100%

100%

NMDC-CSR Foundation

India

20,00,000

100%

100%

50

50%

50%

31-03-2024

31-03-2023

A. Subsidiaries
91.38%
95.86%

90.02%
95.86%

B.Joint Ventures
Kopano-NMDC Minerals(Proprietary) Limited

South Africa

Jharkhand National Mineral Development
Corporation Ltd.

India

6,000

NMDC-CMDC Ltd., Raipur

India

9,83,47,236

51%

51%

Bastar Railway Pvt. Ltd.

India

15,26,74,600

52%

52%

Romelt-Sail(India) Limited (under closure)

Africa

1,05,000

25%

25%

International Coal Ventures (Pvt.) Ltd.

India

37,88,59,405

25.94%

25.94%

Krishnapatnam Railway Company Ltd.

India

4,00,00,000

6.40%

6.40%

Chhattisgarh Mega Steel Ltd.

India

13,000

26%

26%

60%

60%

C. Associates

D: List of Government Nominee / Independent Directors as on 31/03/2024
1.

Smt. Sukriti Likhi			

- Government Nominee Director

2.

Shri. Abhijit Narendra		

- Government Nominee Director

3.

Shri. Vishal Babber			

- Independent Director

4.

Dr. Anil Sadashivrao Kamble		

- Independent Director

5.

Shri. Sanjay Singh			

- Independent Director

E: Key Management Personnel: (Directors) as on 31/03/2024
Directors:
1.

Shri. Amitava Mukherjee		

- CMD (Additional Charge), Director (Finance)

2.

Shri.Dilip Kumar Mohanty		

- Director (Production)

3.

Shri.Vishwanath Suresh		

- Director (Commercial) *

4.

Shri Vinay Kumar			

- Director (Technical)

* Under suspension w.e.f 19 January 2024 in terms of order of Ministry of Steel, Govt. of India
th

Company Secretary			

288

- Shri A.S Pardha Saradhi

[p.293]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
ii.

Related Party Transactions:

INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES:

INR in crore
OB
01.04.2023

Additions

Deletions

CB
31.03.2024

Legacy Iron Ore Limited

214.70

104.93

-

319.63

J&K Mineral Development Corporation

28.51

-

-

28.51

Karnataka Vijaynagar Steel Limited

0.10

-

-

0.10

NMDC-SARL Madagaskar (under closure)

7.20

-

-

7.20

Particulars
a) Investment:

2.00

-

-

2.00

252.51

104.93

-

357.44

- J&KMDC

28.51

-

-

28.51

- NMDC- SARL

7.20

-

-

7.20

Sub Total

35.71

-

-

35.71

Total (Net)

216.80

104.93

-

321.73

OB
01.04.2023

Additions

Deletions

CB
31.03.2024

24.39

1.43

-

25.82

642.44

0.25

-

642.69

-

-

-

-

666.83

1.68

Advances Deration- J&KMDC

24.39

1.43

-

25.82

Sub total

24.39

1.43

-

25.82

Total (Net)

642.44

0.25

-

642.69

Sub total
b) Investment De-ration

Corporate Overview

NMDC-CSR Foundation

LOANS AND ADVANCES TO SUBSIDIARIES:

a) Loans & Advances:
- J&K Mineral Development Corporation
- Karnataka Vijaynagar Steel Limited
- NMDC-SARL Madagaskar (under closure)
Sub total

Statutory Reports

Particulars

668.51

b) Loans & Advances Deration

Particulars

INR in crore
OB
01.04.2023

Additions

Deletions

CB
31.03.2024

a) Investment:
Kopano-NMDC Minerals (Proprietary) Limited (₹ 324/-)

-

-

-

-

0.01

-

-

0.01

NMDC-CMDC Ltd, Raipur

98.35

-

-

98.35

Bastar Railway Pvt Ltd

152.67

-

-

152.67

Sub total

251.03

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

251.03

-

-

251.03

Jharkhand National Mineral Development Corporation Ltd

251.03

b) Investment Deration
Sub total
Total (Net)

289

Financial Statements

INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURE COMPANIES:

[p.294]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
LOANS AND ADVANCES TO JOINT VENTURES:
Particulars

INR in crore
OB
01.04.2023

Additions

Deletions

CB
31.03.2024

a) Loans & Advances:
Kopano-NMDC Minerals (Proprietary) Limited (₹ 324/-)

0.10

-

-

0.10

Jharkhand National Mineral Development Corporation Ltd

0.09

0.01

-

0.10

NMDC-CMDC Ltd, Raipur

55.61

-

-

55.61

-

-

-

-

55.80

0.01

-

55.81

Advances Deration- Kopano NMDC

0.10

-

-

0.10

Sub total

0.10

-

-

0.10

Total (Net)

55.70

-

-

55.71

Bastar Railway Pvt Ltd
Sub total
b) Loans & Advances Deration

INVESTMENT IN ASSOCIATE COMPANIES:
Particulars

INR in crore
OB
01.04.2023

Additions

Deletions

CB
31.03.2024

a) Investment:
Romelt-SAIL (India) Limited (under closure)

0.11

-

-

0.11

International Coal Ventures (Pvt) Ltd

378.86

-

-

378.86

Krishnapatnam Railway Company Ltd

40.00

-

-

40.00

0.01

-

-

0.01

418.98

-

-

418.98

Chhattisgarh Mega Steel Ltd
Sub total
b) Investment Deration:
Investment Deration- Romelt-SAIL Ltd

0.11

-

-

0.11

Sub total

0.11

-

-

0.11

418.87

-

-

418.87

Total (Net)
OTHER RECEIVABLES FROM ASSOCIATE COMPANIES:
Particulars

INR in crore
OB
01.04.2023

Additions

Deletions

CB
31.03.2024

a) Other receivables:
International Coal Ventures (Pvt) Ltd

-

0.67

-

0.67

Sub total

-

0.67

-

0.67

b) Other receivables Deration:
International Coal Ventures (Pvt) Ltd

-

-

-

-

Sub total

-

-

-

-

Total (Net)

-

0.67

-

0.67

Aggregate amount of quoted investment is ₹ 319.63 crore (PY ₹ 214.70 crore). Aggregate amount of unquoted
investments Gross ₹ 707.82 crore (PY ₹ 707.82 crore) and net ₹ 672.00 crores (PY ₹ 672.00 crore).

290

[p.295]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
iii)

Transaction with Entities under Common Control:

A)

₹ In Crore
OB
01.04.2023

Additions

Deletions

CB
31.03.2024

NSL (NMDC Steel Limited)

2,542.93

250.04

204.25

2,588.72

Sub total

2,542.93

250.04

204.25

2,588.72

144.43

1,251.18

.

1,395.61

8.34

76.76

75.58

9.52

Sub Total

136.09

1,174.42

(75.58)

1,386.09

Total (Net)

2,679.02

1,424.46

128.67

3,974.81

Particulars
a) Loans & Advances

NSL (NMDC Steel Limited)
Less:
C) Inter Company Purchases
NSL (NMDC Steel Limited)

B)

Corporate Overview

b) Inter Company Sales

During FY 2023-24 an amount of ₹ 75.58 crore paid to NSL for sharing off water arrangement system for Slurry
Pipe line Project.
INR in Crore
As at
31st March 2024

As at
31st March 2023

Key Managerial Personnel:
Key Managerial Personnel Remuneration
iv)

3.18

4.04

Advance to Karnataka Vijayanagar Steels Ltd(KVSL):
The company has paid an advance amount of ₹ 639.61 crores towards cost of 2857.54 acres of land handed
over by Karnataka Industrial Area Development Board (KIADB) for establishment of 3 MTPA integrated steel
plant. The KVSL (100% Subsidiary of NMDC) has received land allotment letter dated 13.07.2017 on a lease cum
sale basis and the land possession certificate dated: 11.01.2018 and revised possession certificate for 2843.98
acres vide letter dated 01.08.2018 from KIADB. Now, the land is under the possession of KVSL . However, the
lease agreement is yet to be entered between the parties.

V)

Employees outsourcing /deputing to NSL
The Company is seconding its personnel to entities under common control as per the terms and conditions
agreed between the companies. The cost incurred by the Company towards superannuation and employee
benefits are recovered from these companies.

291

Financial Statements

As per the conditions of the Allotment, Construction shall commence within 9 months and production shall
commence within a period of 5 years from the date of taking over the possession. Meanwhile, KVSL has
requested KIADB / Government of Karnataka for extension of the Lease period up to 99 years which is under
review by Government of Karnataka. KIADB has agreed in principal for a period of 10 years in the place of
2 years. Considering the demerger of NSL, the company is exploring various business opportunities for the
aforesaid land and hence the proposal for acquisition of the equity of KVSL in lieu of advances paid is pending.
Considering these circumstances, the said advance has been classified under “Non-Current assets”. The
financial impact, if any, on NMDC is dependent on the final decision of the Government of Karnataka and
mutual agreement between KIADB / Govt of Karnataka and KVSL

Statutory Reports

Particulars

[p.296]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
2.32.6 Earnings per share (IND AS-33)-: The details are as under:
Particulars
1. Profit after Tax (INR in Crore)
2. Weighted average No of Equity shares

Year ended
31-MAR-2024
5,631.89

5,528.63

293,06,05,850

293,06,05,850

1

1

19.22

18.86

3. Nominal value per Equity share (₹)
4. Basic and Diluted Earnings per share (₹)

31-MAR-2023

2.32.7 Accounting for Deferred Taxes on income (Ind-As-12) : Necessary details have been disclosed in note no: 2.5.
2.32.8 Discontinuing Operations (IndAS-105):
Silica Sand Project, Lalapur
On 25/02/2008 the Board of directors had announced a plan to dispose-off the plant and machinery of Silica Sand
Project, Lalapur which is included in the segment of “Other minerals and services.” Pending disposal, the unit is kept
under care & maintenance.
Screening Plant:
Board of director in its 525th meeting held on 10th December 2019 approved the termination of Screening Plant
operation located at Vizag.
Details are as below:

INR in crore
Particulars

As at 31-Mar-2024

As at 31-Mar-2023

Silica Sand Project, Lalapur
Carrying value of Assets

0.18

0.29

-

0.90

Carrying value of Assets

0.72

0.72

Carrying value of liabilities

0.17

0.17

Carrying value of liabilities
Screening Plant -Vizag

The following statement shows the revenue and expenses of discontinued operations:
Particulars

INR in crore

For the year ended
31-Mar-2024

For the year ended
31-Mar-2023

A. Revenue
Revenue from operations
Other income

-

-

Total Revenue

-

-

0.28

0.32

Repairs and Maintenance

-

-

Depreciation & Amortisation

-

-

Other expenses

1.04

0.59

Total Expenses

1.32

0.91

(1.32)

(0.91)

B. Expenses
Power, Electricity and Water

C.Profit(+)/Loss(-) from discontinued operations before tax (A-B)

292

[p.297]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
2.32.9 Intangible Assets (IndAS-38) : R&D
The Research & Development expenditure, charged to Statement of Profit & Loss during the year is ₹ 23.36 crore
(previous year ₹ 29.43 crore). It includes R&D net expenditure of ₹ 23.07 crores (PY ₹ 28.64 crores) and expenditure
of ₹ 0.29 crores (PY ₹ 0.79 crores) on feasibility studies.
The amount of revenue expenditure incurred at Research & Development unit, Hyderabad is as under:
INR in crore
Head of account

FY 2023-24

FY 2022-23
0.28

0.15

Power, Electricity & Water

0.29

0.78

Employee benefit expense

14.76

17.41

Repairs and Maintenance

1.57

2.26

Other expenditure

4.62

8.92

Depreciation & Amortisation

3.47

3.08

Total expenditure

24.99

32.60

Less : Other income

1.92

3.96

23.07

28.64

Total net R&D expenditure

2.32.10 Joint Ventures (IndAS- 28 ) Jointly Controlled entities:
Sl
no

Country of
Incorporation

Name of the Joint Venture

Proportion of
ownership 2023-24

Proportion of
ownership 2022-23

1

Kopano-NMDC Minerals (Proprietary) Limited South Africa

50%

50%

2

NMDC CMDC Limited, Raipur

India

51%

51%

3

Jharkhand National Mineral Development
Corporation Limited, Ranchi

India

60%

60%

4

Bastar Railway Pvt Ltd

India

52%

52%

The impairment of assets has been reviewed during the year in respect of the following cash generating units,
included under the segment ‘Other Minerals and Services’. The Assets considered for reversal of impairment in this
financial year is ₹ 8.76 crore (PY impairment ₹ 1.92 crore):
INR in crore
Unit

Year of
impairment

Impaired
Amount as on
01-04-2023

Adjustments during 2023-24
Reversal

Deletion

SSP, Lalapur

2005-06

12.54

-

SAF Plant at Sponge
Iron Unit

2004-05

15.48

-

SIIL- Paloncha

2019-2020

3.37

-

SIIL- Paloncha

2021-2022

4.40

-

DMP, Panna

2021-2022

9.35

6.84

DMP, Panna

2022-2023

1.92

1.92

47.06

8.76

Total

Impaired
Amount as on
31-03-2024

Addition
-

-

12.54

-

15.48

-

3.37

-

4.40

-

2.51

-

-

-

38.30

293

Financial Statements

2.32.11 Impairment of Assets (IndAS – 36):

Statutory Reports

During the year, at R&D unit, the additions to tangible assets (except land and buildings) are ₹ 1.13 crore. (Previous
year ₹ 0.85 crore).

Corporate Overview

Consumption of Stores and Spares

[p.298]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
1.

The Recoverable amount of the assets of SSP, Lalapur unit has been arrived at considering the ‘value in use’.
Since the value in use has resulted in negative cash flows, the recoverable amount has been taken as nil
without applying any discount rate.

2.

In the case of SAF plant at the Sponge Iron Unit, the impairment is based on fair value as assessed by the
approved Valuer.

3.

In case of SIIL plant, Impairment is based on the assessed fair value.

4.

As per the MMDR Amendment Act, 2015, Supplementary Mining Lease of Panna was extended for a period
of 50 years from the initial grant i.e. up to 30.06.2020. Consequently, Forest Clearance was extended up to
lease validity as per MoEF&CC Circular dated 01.04.2015. After extension of supplementary mining lease by
Government of Madhya Pradesh up to 30.06.2040, the Forest Clearance has also been extended up to 30th
June 2040 vide letter no. F-5-11/2021/10-3 dated 6th January 2021 issued by Forest Department, Madhya
Pradesh. However, the operation is stalled for want of wildlife clearance. Since the unit is not in operation
since 01.01.2021. During the year 2022-23, though the company has secured the permission on 30.11.2022 for
continuation of operation from Hon’ble Supreme Court of India for 20 years, Company requires Environment
Clearance from MOEF & CC for resumption of operations for which company filed applications in September
2018 and was expected from MOEF & CC by September 2023.
Considering the above company has impaired the Fixed Assets and CWIP ₹ 11.27 crores up to F.Y 2022-23.
During the current financial 2023-24, the project received the environmental Clearance from MoEFCC on
22.02.2024 & started the mining operation on 11.3.2024. Considering the current position of the company, the
impairment made up to 31st March 2023 for ₹ 8.76 crore (including ₹ 2.84 pertaining to CWIP) is reversed during
the current financial year 2023-24

2.32.12 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets (IndAS-37) :
Necessary details in regard to provisions have been disclosed in notes 2.14.4, 2.17.1 & 2.31:.
2.33: Disclosure as required under Regulation 34(3) and 53(f) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015
2.33.1 Loans and advances in the nature of loans to Subsidiaries/Jvs’/Associates where there is no repayment
schedule or no interest:
INR in crore
Name of the Subsidiary

Maximum Balance outstanding
As at 31-Mar-2024

As at 31-Mar-2023

25.82

24.39

NMDC Power Ltd, Hyderabad

-

-

Jharkhand Kolhan steel Limited

-

-

642.69

642.44

NMDC Steel Limited

-

-

NMDC CSR

-

-

668.51

666.83

25.82

24.39

J&K Mineral Development Corporation Limited, Jammu

Karnataka Vijayanagar Steel Limited

Total
Advances derated / Provision made - JKMDC

INR in crore
Name of the Joint Venture

Maximum Balance outstanding
As at 31-Mar-2024

As at 31-Mar-2023

Kopano-NMDC Minerals (Proprietary) Limited

0.10

0.10

Jharkhand National Mineral Development Corporation Ltd.

0.10

0.09

NMDC-CMDC Ltd., Raipur

55.61

55.61

-

-

55.81

55.80

0.10

0.10

Bastar Railway Pvt. Ltd.
Total
Advances derated / Provision made - Kopano

294

[p.299]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Name of the Associates

Maximum Balance outstanding
As at 31-Mar-2024

As at 31-Mar-2023

Neelachal Ispat Nigam Ltd

-

84.27

Total

-

84.27

2.33.2 There are no Investments by the loanees as
mentioned in 2.34.1 in the shares of NMDC Ltd.

2.34. Others:
2.34.1 Income Tax :
a)

b)

Current tax assets (net) (note no 2.9) includes
an amount of ₹ 109.60 crores (PY 302.12 crores)
receivable from Income Tax Department under
Vivad se Vishwas (VSV) , towards settlement of all
disputed income tax cases up to assessment year
2017-18.

2.34.2 Treatment of expenditure incurred on Assets
not owned by the Company:
During the year an amount of ₹ 0.91 crore (PY₹ 2.33 crore), ₹ 170.58 crore (PY. ₹ 140.50 crore) and
₹ 3.60 crores (PY 11.23 crore) is utilised by Railways
for the doubling of Railway line between Jagdalpur
to Ambagaon and Kirandul to Jagdalpur and for
upgradation of In motion Weigh Bridge & other railways
assets respectively and the total amount of
₹ 175.09 crore (PY. ₹ 154.06 crore) is included in “Other
Expenses“.
2.34.3 Property, Plant & Equipment (PPE)
As per Ind AS 16, items such as spare parts, stand by

2.34.4 Transactions with NSL( NMDC Steel Limited):
The demerger scheme of arrangement between NMDC
Limited (NMDC) and NMDC Steel Limited (NSL) and
their respective shareholders and creditors involving
demerger of NMDC Iron & Steel Plant ( NISP ) from
NMDC was duly sanctioned by the Ministry of Corporate
Affairs (“MCA”) vide its order dated 6th October 2022.
The Company received the Order on 11th October 2022
and filed the same with the concerned Registrar of
Companies on 13th October 2022. Hence, the Scheme
is operative from 13th October 2022 (Effective Date).
The Appointed Date of the Scheme is 1st April 2021.
Accordingly, with effect from the Appointed Date, the
entire Demerged Undertaking of NMDC Limited has
been transferred and vested into NMDC Steel Limited.
As per the scheme of demerger, NMDC shall act in
trust for NSL (earlier known as NISP). Accordingly,
the expenditure incurred by NMDC on behalf of NSL
amounting to ₹ 2,502.64 crores is shown under “NonCurrent Assets – Other Financial Assets”. This amount
has arisen on account of demerger (with different
Appointed date and Effective date) as per the scheme
approved by the MCA with no specific timelines
for repayment of the said amount in the scheme.
Accordingly, this is classified under “Non-current
Assets”. Further, this transaction is unique in nature and
not a regular transaction in the course of business. In
the absence of a repayment schedule in the scheme
and having regard to the fact that NSL is in its first
year of commercial operations, the timing of cash flow
is uncertain and is not practicable for the company
to estimate the timing of recovery of these amounts
at this point of time and hence, discounting has not
been applied. In view of the expected scaling up of
operations, resulting in positive cashflow of NSL from FY

295

Financial Statements

After completion of assessment under section
143 (3) of IT Act, NMDC has received a notice of
demand U/s 156 of the IT Act on 13.03.2024, by
disallowing expenditure of ₹ 879.60 crores , with
a tax implication of ₹ 233.56 crores (including
interest). NMDC has filed appeal on 10.04.2024
before CIT (A) against the above demand by
paying total demand under protest. The above
demand of ₹ 233.56 crores is shown under earlier
year’s tax expenses in the accounts of FY 202324. The net impact in the earlier year tax expenses
including adjustment pertaining to other cases is ₹
231.18 crores.

Gross value of Spare parts, stand by equipment and
service equipment meeting the definition of PPE
capitalised during the Year 2023-24 is ₹ 75.26 crore (PY
₹ 79.07 crore).

Statutory Reports

For the A.Y 2022-23 (FY 2021-22), Company
has filed return with refundable amount of ₹
288.09 crore and same is received by NMDC on
20.05.2023 as per the intimation u/s 143 (1). Due
to demerger of the units (NISP), Company filed
modified return on 30.05.2023 by paying the
amount of ₹ 26.34 crores which was received in
excess as per intimation u/s 143(1). Hence, net
refund received by NMDC is ₹ 261.75 crores.

Corporate Overview

2.33.3: There are no loans and advances in the nature
of loans to firms/companies in which directors are
interested except as stated above.

equipment and service equipment are to be capitalized
when they meet the definition of PPE and are expected
to be used for more than one accounting year. After
review of the inventory values and its consumption
patterns in the major production Units, Company based
on materiality has fixed a threshold limit of ₹ 20 Lakhs
for such spare parts, stand by equipment and service
equipment meeting the definition of PPE. On issue of
said PPE, the WDV is allowed to be depreciated over
the life of the main asset or the life of the equipment
whichever is less.

[p.300]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
2024-25, the management of the company is confident
of the ultimate recovery of these amounts.
2.34.5 Dues from Monitoring Committee- Donimalai
complex in Karnataka:
The total trade receivables from Monitoring Committee
as on 31st March 2024 is ₹ 1889.83 crores (PY₹ 2,907.91 crores). This includes ₹ 22.18 crores towards
long pending dues for supply of LG Fines to Pellet plant
and ₹ 1,867.65 crore towards 10% of sales proceeds
retained by Monitoring Committee for the period prior to
1st April 2019.
Hon’ble Supreme Court of India vide its interim order
dated 22nd February 2023 directed KMERC to refund
10% amount collected for the period from 1st January
2019 to 31st January 2023. Accordingly, NMDC received
an amount of ₹ 1326.84 crore, from KMERC on 20th April
2023.
As the Supreme court order was dated 28.02.2023,
NMDC Limited has contributed additional 10%
amounting to ₹ 24.52 crore during the month of Feb’23
to MC. MC in turn has remitted the amount to KMERC.
The matter is communicated to M/s KMERC along with
documentary evidence for refund of the same. However,
M/s KMERC has advised during the month of Nov’ 23 to
await for further orders of Hon’ble Supreme court.
During 2023-24, Hon’ble Supreme Court of India vide
its final order dated 14th March 2024 rejected the
prayer of NMDC to refund the 10% amount retained
by MC pertaining to the period prior to 31st December
2018. However, clarified that NMDC will be liable to pay
contribution to the SPV @ 10% of the sale proceeds
w.e.f. 1st January 2019 and thereafter. Any excess
amount above 10%, collected/paid by NMDC on and
w.e.f 1st January 2019 will be refunded.
Accordingly, KMERC has refunded ₹ 24.52 crore
additional SPV paid during the month of Feb’23, on 29th
April 2024.
As NMDC is in the process of filing revision petition
before the Hon’ble court against the above order, the
dues recoverable from MC for the period prior to 31st
December.2018 ₹ 1867.65 crore and the equal amount of
ECL are continued in books of Accounts.
2.34.6 Amount Recovered by Monitoring Committee:
Monitoring Committee has recovered an amount of ₹
124.77 crore against the sale of DIOM LG fines during
the year 2011-12 to 2017-18 which has been protested
by NMDC and filed Revision Application with Mines
Tribunal on 08.07.2022. This has been shown as Amount
paid under protest.
2.34.7 Common Cause Judgement for Bailadila Sector:
The Company had received Show Cause Notices
dated July 31, 2018 from Dist. Collector, South Bastar
Dantewada as to why NMDC should not be asked to
deposit an amount of ₹ 7,241.35 Crores as compensation

296

computed by the District Collector based on the
Common Cause Judgement related to Orissa Iron ore
mines (Writ Petition Civil No 114 of 2014 dated August
02, 2017) by Hon’ble Supreme Court. The Company has
been contesting the said Show Cause Notices with Dist.
Collector, South Bastar Dantewada on the ground that
the said judgement is not applicable to NMDC.
Subsequently, the Company had received revised show
cause notices dated September 26, 2019 with revised
amount of ₹ 1,623.44 Crores from the District Collector,
South Bastar, Dantewada. NMDC while reiterating the
fact of non-applicability of the Hon’ble Supreme Court
Judgement in the state of Chhattisgarh, sought time for
replying to the show cause notices. Further to this, the
Office of Dist. Collector, South Bastar, Dantewada had
issued demand notices dated November 15, 2019 for the
amount of ₹ 1,623.44 Crores (i.e., Bacheli ₹ 1,131.97 Crores and Kirandul ₹ 491.47 Crores) to be
deposited within 15 days of the notice. Considering
that the Mining Leases of the company in the State
of Chhattisgarh were due for renewal from March 31,
2020, the Company had paid an adhoc amount of ₹ 600
Crores under protest and had also filed writ petition in
the Hon’ble High Court of Bilaspur, Chhattisgarh and
a Revision application with Mines Tribunal, Ministry of
Mines, Government of India, New Delhi praying to set
aside the demand notices.
Hon’ble High Court of Bilaspur has heard the matter
on February 19,2020 and sought certain clarifications
from the respondent and directed ‘no coercive action till
March 12, 2020 and listed the case for March 12, 2020.
However due to the COVID-19 pandemic, no further
hearings could take place then. Revision application with
Mines Tribunal, Ministry of Mines, Government of India
New Delhi was heard on March 09, 2022 wherein the
representatives of State Government of Chhattisgarh
were directed to file comments/ para wise reply.
Thereafter, hearing was held on June 28, 2023 wherein Mines Tribunal expressed that comments / para wise
replies of the State Government of Chhattisgarh are
not yet received by the tribunal. Subsequent hearing
was held on September 13, 2023 where-in Mines
Tribunal advised NMDC to collect the comments/
replies of the State Government of Chhattisgarh
and submit the Comments of NMDC. Accordingly,
NMDC has persuaded with the State Government of
Chhattisgarh and obtained copy of the comments of
State Government on October 23, 2023. Recent hearing
took place on January 10, 2024, where in NMDC has
requested time to file a rejoinder affidavit to the counter
reply filed by the State Government of Chhattisgarh.
Accordingly matter has been adjourned and the
company is awaiting for next date of hearing by Mines
Tribunal for filing the rejoinder.
Since the above matter is sub-judice, pending the final
judgement, the amount of ₹ 600 Crores paid under
protest is reported under “Other Non-Current Assets”
and the demand amount of ₹ 1,623.44 crores has been

[p.301]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
considered as “Contingent Liabilities”.

clearance and Forest Clearance (State-II). Out of the
total 263.89 Ha of freehold land vested to NMDC, due
to CNT related issues District Authority has cancelled
registration of 233.57 Ha of land. Hence, NMDC has
initiated process of acquisition of land under CB (A&D)
Act 1957, Section 4 notification issued on 21.02.2024

2.34.8: Regularization of Forest Land at Donimalai Iron
Ore Project
During the financial year 2023-24, Ministry of
Environment, Forest and Climate Change of India
(MoEF&CC) has accorded in-principle approval (stage-I)
for diversion & regularization of 98.438 Ha (96.868 ha
+ 2.57 Ha) of Forest Land outside the mine lease of
Donimalai Iron Ore Mine under Forest conservation Act,
1980. The demand made by the department towards
penal charges and interest of ₹ 255.40 crores is paid.
Further, company has reviewed and identified an
area of 12.503Ha for regularisation with an estimated
implication of ₹ 32.88 crore (NPV – ₹ 1.54 cr, CA – ₹4.59
cr, Interest & penal charges – ₹ 26.75 cr) and ₹ 26.75
crores towards interest and penal charges and same is
accounted in the books. Total amount of ₹ 282.15 crores
representing penal charges and interest is charged
to the Statement of Profit and Loss and shown as
Exceptional Item.

Rohne Coal Mine

2.34.9 Allotment of Coal Block
Tokisud North Coal Mine

NMDC paid the fixed Cost of ₹ 303.72 crores (PY₹ 303.72 crore), upfront amount of ₹ 21.60 crore
(PYRs.21.60 crore) and other ₹ 6.31 crore up to
31.03.2024. All the amounts paid up to 31.3.2024 are
included under Capital Advances (Note 2.6). NMDC
submitted a Bank guarantee of ₹ 71.09 crore (PY ₹ 71.09
crore) pending execution of lease deed. Mine Developer
cum Operator (MDO) has been appointed on 16.09.2021.
Company has obtained Transfer of Environmental

2.34.10 Sale of Iron Ore to Pellet Plant at
Kumaraswamy, Karnataka:
W.e.f Oct-22 NMDC-DIOM/KIOM is selling the Iron Ore
to Pellet Plant directly based on the order of Hon’ble
Supreme Court dt. 20.05.2022 and accounting the same
as Inter Unit Sales. The Inter Unit sales, consumption
and inventory is eliminated during consolidation and Iron
Ore lying at Pellet Plant is valued at cost.

Sl
No.

Particulars

Qty (wmt)
2023-24

Amount (₹ in Crore)
2022-23

2023-24

2022-23

1

Iron Ore-Inter Unit Revenue

3,52,071.89

88,110.87

131.11

32.00

2

Consumption of RM @ PPT

(299535.03)

(85,995.90)

(108.02)

(31.12)

3

RM inventory @ PPT

(52536.86)

(2,114.97)

(23.08)

(0.88)

-

-

-

-

Total

2.34.11 Review for Impairment of Investment in Legacy Iron Ore Ltd, Australia (LIOL):
The total investment of the Company in LIOL is
₹ 319.64 crore as on 31.3.2024. This is 91.38% of the total shareholding of the Company. This investment in Legacy
was reviewed for impairment with reference to Ind AS 36.
Legacy Iron has started gold mining operations from Nov -2023 in three tenements of Mt. Celia. Further, Legacy
has raised capital through right issue in the month of February’ 2024, with the recent capital raising, the board of
Legacy has approved aggressive exploration plan at mt. Celia and other gold tenements aiming to achieve significant
addition in the existing resources.

297

Financial Statements

The details are mentioned hereunder:

Statutory Reports

Ministry of Coal declared NMDC as a successful
allottee for Tokisud North coal mine, in Jharkhand, on
16.12.2019. Allotment Agreement is signed on 24.12.2019
and Allotment order issued on 17.08.2020.

Corporate Overview

Ministry of Coal declared NMDC as a successful allottee
for Rohne Coal Mine, in Jharkhand, on 17.03.2020.
Allotment Agreement of the coal mine is signed on
17.02.2021 and allotment order issued on 18.06.2021.
NMDC paid, as on 31.03.2024, the fixed Cost of
₹ 40.02 crores (PY ₹ 40.02 crore), upfront amount of
₹ 33.16 crore (PY ₹ 33.15 crore), ₹ 1.01 crore (PY 1.01)
towards NPV & CA charges for exploration, ₹ 0.97 crore
towards DGPS Survey charges and ₹ 95.62 crore to
Jharkhand CAMPA for Stage 1 FC transfer from Rohne
Coal company to NMDC and others ₹ 0.86 crore up to
31.03.2024. All the amounts paid up to 31.3.2024 are
included under Capital Advances (Note 2.6). Company
has submitted a Bank guarantee of ₹ 405.17 crore
(PY ₹ 405.17 crore) Pending execution of lease deed.
Company has obtained Transfer of Environmental
clearance and Forest Clearance (Stage-I). Company is
in the process of compling conditions given in stage-I
forest clearance. Company has initiated process of
acquisition of land under CB(A&D) Act 1957 & Section 4
notification issued on 12.12.2023.

[p.302]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Legacy Iron Ore Limited is an active exploration
company with a diverse portfolio. For an exploration
company, the future cash flows are from the exploration
tenements which have been recognised as assets ie.,
Exploration and Evaluation (E&E) Assets. LIOL E&E
assets as on 31.03.2024, after transfer of exploration
expenses of ₹ 11.05 crore (representing 18% interest) to
Hancock pertaining to Mount Bevan tenements, is
₹ 98.65 crores (Previous year ₹ 87.60 crores).
Further the quoted price of LIOL share as on 31.03.2024
is AUD $ 0.015 (Previous year AUD $0.015) with a
market capitalisation of AUD 105.73 million (Previous
year AUD 96.07 million). The market capitalisation of
the company is more than its net assets of AUD 35.50
million (Previous AUD 24.85 million) as on 31.03.2024.
NMDCs share of Market cap @ 91.38% to approx.
₹ 587.44 crores (Previous year ₹ 476.06 crores) which
is more than the investment of ₹ 319.64 crore (Previous
year ₹ 214.70 crores) in LIOL.

Legacy has a JV agreement with for Mt.Bevan Iron ore
project, partnering with Hancock Prospecting Pty Ltd
(HPPL) which is a mining giant in Australia with rich
experience of developing green field iron ore projects.
This has opened pathway for Legacy to develop its Iron
Ore project. It is informed by JV partner that they have
completed exploratory drilling activities and progressing
towards completion PFS.
During the financial year the company also entered into
a new JV agreement (Other minerals) with HPPL for
lithium and other mineral exploration at Mt Bevan.
It is also noted that, Legacy is having a cash reserve of
AUD 16.22 million which makes the company self-reliant
to fund its day-today operation.
In view of above no impairment is considered for
Goodwill as well as Investment in LIOL for the current FY
2023-24.

2.34.12 CSR Expenditure:
a)

Gross amount required to be spent by the company during the year is ₹ 197.07 crore (2% of the last three years
average PBT ₹ 9853.56 crore), (Previous Year ₹ 186.70 crore (2% of the last three years average PBT ₹ 9334.85
crore).

b)

Disclosure in respect of the expenditure on Corporate Social Responsibility activities INR In Crore

Sl No.

Particulars

2023-24

2022-23

A

Amount required to be spent by the corporation during the year

197.07

186.70

B

Amount spent during the year

46.15

87.58

C

Shortfall at the end of the year (closing provision)

150.92

99.12

D

Amount spent during the CY against outstanding provision FY 2022-23

-

33.35

E

Interest Accrued during the year 2023-24

-

1.02

F

Unspent CSR expenses carry forward to next Financial Year

150.92

66.79

Particulars

In Cash

Yet to be paid in cash

Total

1.

Construction/ Acquisition of any assets

-

-

-

2.

On purpose other than (1) above

46.15

-

46.15

c)

Provision of ₹ 150.92 crore ( Previous year ₹ 99.12 crore) is created for the short fall and shown under Schedule
No. 2.17 provision for unspent CSR

d)

Total of previous year shortfall

: ₹ 66.79 crore for FY 2022-23

						

₹ 150.92 crore for FY 2023-24

e)

Reason for shortfall : The shortfall for FY 2023-24 ₹ 150.92 crore (PY 2022-23 ₹ 66.79 crore) from the
stipulated and prescribed spend is on account of delay in certain projects due to certain limitations faced by
state authorities. However, the shortfall has been allocated against the specific projects and would be spent as
per the provisions of companies Act 2013.

f)

Nature of CSR activities: The corporation undertakes impactful social projects which are in lignment with the
areas specified under Schedule VII of the companies Act 2023 of which the company takes up CSR projects
largely in the projects related to Education, Health & Hygiene, Nutrition, Drinking Water, Rural Development, Skill
Development and Income Generation, Promotion of Sports, Protection of Cultural and Heritage, Food Relief &
Natural Calamities, Environment & Others.

298

[p.303]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
g)

Details of related party transaction: Nil

h)

Where a provision is made with respect to
a liability incurred by entering a contractual
obligation:, the movement in the provision during
the year should be shown separately. : Nil

2.34.13 Bill Discounting:

The Company had been presenting the trade
receivables net of amount discounted and was
disclosing the amount of bills discounted under
contingent liabilities for possibility of recourse to the
company in the Financial Statements. During the year,

Accordingly, the Company has changed the accounting
and presentation of the amount received from bills
discounting which is outstanding as at 31st March
2024 as current borrowings from the financial year
2023-24 and corresponding changes in the previous
periods have also been carried out. The changes in the
presentation do not have any impact on the Statement
of Profit and Loss as well as Statement of Changes in
Equity of the Company for all the reported periods.

Corporate Overview

In accordance with IND AS 8 “Accounting Policies,
Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors” and
IND AS 1 “Presentation of Financial Statements”, the
Company has retrospectively restated Balance Sheet as
at 31st March 2023 and 1st April 2022 (beginning of the
preceding period) and Statement of Cash Flow for the
year ended 31st March 2023 for the following reason:

an opinion has been pronounced by Expert Advisory
Committee (EAC) of Institute of Chartered Accountants
of India (ICAI) stating that the bills discounted having
recourse to the Company should not be adjusted from
the trade receivables, instead should be disclosed under
borrowing – current financial liabilities. The Company
has evaluated implementation of the EAC opinion thus
presenting the amount realised through bills discounting
(outstanding as on 31st March 2024 with Bank) under
financial liability as current borrowings instead of netting
off from trade receivables.

2.34.14 Breakup of Royalty and other levies expenditure:
Sl. No

Particulars
Royalty

2

FY2022-23

3,271.97

2,843.46

District Mineral Foundation Fund

981.59

853.04

3

National Mineral Exploration Trust Fund

65.44

56.75

4

Additional Royalty (22.50% premium)

4,894.74

3,971.39

5

Other levies

0.39

0.40

9,214.13

7,725.04

Total
2.34.15 Chigargunta-Bisanatham gold block

NMDC had progressed with the project after making
the upfront payments as per the Auction Guidelines. On
completion of Joint DGPS Survey of the Gold Block and
the revised Pre-feasibility report with the actual land
types and draft mining plan, it was noted that there is
major variation in the land types vis-a-vis the auction
tender Document. Additionally, the project had several
uncertainties impacting capex and thus making the gold
Project marginal with significant downsides.
The company decided to surrender the LOI to DMG of
Andhra Pradesh and has communicated the same in 8th
December 23. NMDC vide letter dated 3rd March 2024
has requested the Director, Department of Mines and

Geology to return the original Bank Guarantee of ₹ 12.39
crore.
2.34.16 Forest Transit Fee at Bailadila Sector
State Government of Chhattisgarh has issued
notification for levy of ₹ 7/- per ton as Transit permit
fee for issue of Transit permits, vide notification dated
14.06.2002. Based on the above, in the year 2012,
Unit has received demand notices dated 23.11.12 for
₹ 144.63 crore (₹ 79.52 crore for Bacheli and ₹ 65.11
crore for Kirandul) from DFO, Dantewada by levying
Transit Fee on the dispatches made for the period from
14.06.2002 to 31.10.2012.Against the above, NMDC has
filed the case in the Hon’ble High Court of Chhattisgarh
on the ground of retrospective levy which is not valid
in law and also for the reason that transit passes were
not issued by the Forest Department and the transit
passes were never demanded at the time of actual
transit. Further, in terms of Long-Term Agreement with
the customers, the transit fee is to be borne by the
customers. However, for un-interrupted dispatches
from the mines, the company has paid the demanded
amount of ₹ 144.63 crore under Protest (₹ 48 crore in
December 2022 and ₹ 96 crore in Feb 2023) to the

299

Financial Statements

Company had secured the Letter of Intent (LOI) on
07.10.2022 for Chigargunta-Bisanatham Gold block
for 262.01 hactor of land through the Mineral Auction
of Andhra Pradesh held in July, 2018. For the above
purpose a performance bank guarantee of ₹ 12.39 crore
valid upto 2nd April 2028 had submitted to Director,
Department of mines and Geology Government of
Andhra Pradesh.

Statutory Reports

1

FY 2023-24

[p.304]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
State Government of Chhattisgarh. In view of the above
and based on the legal opinion obtained, the amount
is presented in the books of accounts as amounts
recoverable. Since the case is in sub-judice, the same is
being disclosed under contingent liability.

b.

The Company has implemented SAP S/4 HANA
ERP during FY 2020-21 and started maintaining its
books of account in the same. Audit trail has been
enabled throughout the year at application level
for the key tables which is an industry standard
process. Access to database is restricted only to
the admin who can log in via HANA studio and
it is secured. Activity log of what has been done
by admin is maintained, however audit log at
database level by default is not enabled, having
regard to the performance and storage of SAP
system. Company is in the process of carrying
out a study of the database growth, storage &
computing requirement with impact assessment
for enabling audit trail logs at database level.

2.34.17
a)

No funds have been advanced / loaned /
invested (either from borrowed funds or from
share premium or from any other sources /
kind of funds) by the Company to any other
person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities
(Intermediaries), with the understanding (whether
recorded in writing or otherwise) that the
Intermediary shall:

(i)

directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons
or entities identified in any manner whatsoever
by or on behalf of the Company (Ultimate
Beneficiaries) or

(ii)

provide any guarantee, security or the like on
behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries

b)

No funds have been received by the Company
from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign
entities (Funding Parties), with the understanding
(whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that
the Company shall (i) directly or indirectly, lend or
invest in other persons or entities identified in any
manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding
Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or (ii) provide any
guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the
Ultimate Beneficiaries

2.34.18(A) Audit Trail:
Proviso to Rule 3(1) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules,
2014 (hereinafter referred as “the Account Rules”)
states that for the financial year commencing on or
after the 1st day of April 2023, every company which
uses accounting software for maintaining its books of
account, shall use only such accounting software which
has a feature of recording audit trail of each and every
transaction, creating an edit log of each change made
in the books of account along with the date when such
changes were made and ensuring that the audit trail
cannot be disabled.
The amendments require every company that uses
an accounting software to use such software that
has a feature of audit trail which cannot be disabled.
The management has a responsibility for effective
implementation of the requirements prescribed by
account rules i.e., every company which uses an
accounting software for maintaining its books of
account, should use only such accounting software
which has the following features.
a.

Records an audit trail of each and every
transaction, creating an edit log of each change
made in the books of account along with the date
when such changes were made; and

300

Ensuring that audit trail is not disabled.

(B)

Bastar Railway Private Limited (BRPL):

Bastar Railway Private Limited (BRPL) is a Joint
Venture Company of NMDC, SAIL, IRCON & CMDC
incorporated on 05.05.2016 having its registered office
at Global Exploration Cenre, NMDC, Green Villey City,
Housing Board Colony, Boriyakala, Raipur – 492015,
Chhattisgarh, India.
The Company was formed with the objective to build,
construct operate and maintain 140 KM Jagdalpur to
Rowghat (via Narayanpur, Kondagaon) rail corridor
project in the state of Chhattisgarh. The Company
shall develop required rail infrastructure including
construction of railway lines along with all related rail
facilities like railway accommodation or any other works
related to opening, operation and closing of railway and
providing traffic facilities.
Railway Board vide its letter dt. 03.02.2023 have
granted “in principle” approval for taking over the BRPL
Project and has requested to furnish the details of
both Legal & Financial Liabilities duly certified by the
Authorized Auditor and Legal Opinion on the Handover
of BRPL Project. The same has been submitted by the
Company. In case of takeover of the BRPL Project by the
MoR, the management anticipates that the cost incurred
in the project would be recovered completely.
BRPL paid compensation to the land owners for
acquisition of private land. However, the excess
compensation paid to three land owners of
₹ 85.63 crore (Bali Nagvanshi – ₹ 62.82 cr, Neelima
– ₹20.80 cr & Paakli – ₹ 2.01 cr) according to the
report of Jagdalpur District Collector No. 197/LandAcquisition/209 dt. 30.04.2019 and Report of Enquiry
Committee (constituted by CEO, BRPL, vide office order
No. BRPL/HO/Land/2019/344 dt. 23.08.2019), only 2
out of 3 persons viz., Bali Nagvanshi & Neelima filed
litigation case in the Hon’ble Supreme Court of India and
excess compensation paid to both the persons was
₹ 83.63 crore. The same is still under litigation at
Hon’ble Supreme Court, of which verdict is awaited.

[p.305]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
2.34.19 General:
i.

The company owns certain office space at New Delhi. It is not the company’s intention to hold the property for a
long term for capital appreciation nor for rental purpose. Hence the same is not treated as Investment Property
and included under PPE.

ii.

Some of the balances appearing under Trade receivables, Trade payables, advances, Security deposits and
other payables are subject to confirmations. Adjustments, if any, will be accounted for on confirmation &
reconciliation of the same, which in the opinion of the management will not have a material impact.

iii.

Figures for the previous year have been regrouped/ rearranged wherever considered necessary so as to
confirm to the classification of the current year.

The following are analytical ratios for the year ended 31st March 2024
Sl
No.

Particulars

Numerators

Denominators

31st March
2024

31st March
2023

Variance
(in %)

Current Assets

Current Labilities

2.56

2.97

(13.80)

2

Debt - Equity Ratio (*1)

Total Debt

Shareholder's
Equity

0.13

0.09

44.44

3

Debt Service Coverage
Ratio (*2)

Earnings Available
for Debt services

Debt Services

1.76

2.70

(34.81)

4

Return on Equity (ROE)

(Net Profit After
Tax - Preferance
Dividend (if any))

Average
Shareholder's
Fund

0.23

0.28

(17.86)

5

Inventory Turnover Ratio

Cost of Goods sold
or Sales

Average
Inventory

8.75

8.21

6.58

6

Trade receivables
turnover ratio (*3)

Net Credit Sales

Avg. Accounts
Receivables

5.42

4.13

31.23

7

Trade Payable Turnover
Ratio (*4)

Net Credit
Purchases

Average Trade
Payables

8.78

5.67

54.85

8

Net Capital Turover Ratio

Net Sales

Working Capital

1.63

1.52

7.24

9

Net Profit ratio

Net Profit

Net Sales

0.26

0.31

(16.13)

10

Return on captal
employed (ROCE)

Earning before
interest and taxes

Capital employed

0.30

0.33

(9.09)

11

Return on investment
(ROI) (*5)
Unquoted

Income Generated
from Investments

Time weighted
average
investments

-

-

Quoted

Income Generated
from Investments

Time weighted
average
investments

-

-

Reasons for variance in ratio for +20% / -20%
(*1)

Increase in Short term borrowings: Short term working capital loan and Bill dicsounting for ₹ 1235 crore

(*2)

Increase in Short term borrowings: Short term working capital loan and Bill dicsounting for ₹ 1235 crore

(*3)

Increase in turnover of the company by 21% over the previous year

(*4)

Increase in purchase of the company by 14% over the previous year

(*5)

Since, no income is generated from investment, same is shown as NIL

301

Financial Statements

Current Ratio

Statutory Reports

1

Corporate Overview

2.34.20 Analytical Ratios

[p.306]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Note. No. 2.34.21 : Fair Value Measurement
Financial instruments by category

INR In crore
As at 31st March 2024
FVTPL

As at 31st March 2023

Amortised
cost

FVTOCI

FVTPL

Amortised
cost

FVTOCI

Financial assets
Investments
Trade receivables
Cash and cash equivalents
Other bank balances
Loans
Other financial assets
Total

-

-

991.65

886.72

3,499.21

4,361.23

18.72

77.59

12,254.23

6,970.45

724.43

705.06

2,945.69

3,147.12

20,433.93

-

-

16,148.17

Financial liabilities
Borrowings

3,356.54

2,121.19

Trade payables

372.52

425.76

Lease Liability

1.97

6.21

1,269.38

1,046.81

Other financial liabilities
Total

-

-

5,000.41

-

-

3,599.97

(1) Assets that are not financial assets (such as receivables from statutory authorities, prepaid expenses, advances
paid and certain other receivables) as of 31st March 2024, and 31st March 2023, respectively, are not included.
(2) Other liabilities that are not financial liabilities (such as statutory dues payable, advances from customers and
certain other accruals) as of 31st March 2024, and 31st March 2023, respectively, are not included.
The carrying amounts of above financial assets and liabilties are considered to be same as their fair values.
Note No: 2.34.22 Financial Risk Management
a) Risk management framework
The Company’s Board of Directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Company’s
risk management framework. The Board of Directors has established the Risk Management Committee, which is
responsible for developing and monitoring the Company’s risk management policies. The committee reports regularly
to the Board of Directors on its activities.
The Company’s risk management policies are established to identify and analyse the risks faced by the Company, to
set appropriate risk limits and controls and to monitor risks and adherence to limits. Risk management policies and
systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the Company’s activities. The Company,
through its training and management standards and procedures, aims to maintain a disciplined and constructive
control environment in which all employees understand their roles and obligations.
The Board of Directors monitors the compliance with the Company’s risk management policies and procedures, and
reviews the adequacy of the risk management framework in relation to the risks faced by the Company.

302

[p.307]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
The Company has exposure to the following risks arising from financial instruments:
Risk

Exposure arising from

Measurement

Management

Cash and cash equivalents, Ageing analysis and Credit
trade receivables, loans
ratings

Diversification of bank deposits, credit
limits and letters of credit

Liquidity risk

Borrowings and other
liabilities

Rolling cash flow forecasts

Availability of deposits with differing
maturities & committed borrowing
facilities to facilitate the day today
working capital requirements.

Market riskcurrency risk

Imports giving rise to
foreign currency payables*

-

-

A. Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk that counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument or customer
contract, leading to a financial loss. The Company is exposed to credit risk from its operating activities (primarily
trade receivables) and deposits with banks.
(a) Trade receivables

Corporate Overview

Credit risk

The Company sales are generally based on advance payments and through LC's. The trade receivables in the books
are mainly on account of credit sales to M/s RINL Limited, CPSE under the Ministry of Steel.
Expected credit loss for trade receivables under simplified approach is detailed as per the below tables

Ageing

₹ In crore
< 6 months

Gross carrying amount
Expected loss rate

6-12 months
166.58

2,050.32

5,404.88

0.00%

0.00%

92.95%

35.26%

1,905.67

1,905.67

144.65

3,499.21

3,187.98

166.58

Year ended 31st March 2023

₹ In crore
< 6 months

Gross carrying amount
Expected loss rate

6-12 months

Total

2,952.25

62.67

3,251.44

6,266.36

0.00%

0.00%

58.59%

30.40%

1,905.13

1,905.13

1,346.31

4,361.23

Expected credit losses (loss allowance provision)
Carrying amount of trade receivables (net of
impairment)

>12 months

2,952.25

62.67

iii. Reconciliation of loss allowance provision - trade receivables
Loss allowance on 1st April 2022

2,932.14

Changes in loss allowance

(1,027.01)

Loss allowance on 31st March 2023

1,905.13

Changes in loss/(Profit) allowance and other Adjustment
Loss allowance on 31 March 2024
st

0.54
1,905.67

The impairment provisions for trade receivables disclosed above are based on assumptions about risk of default and
expected loss rates.

303

Financial Statements

Ageing

Total

3,187.98

Expected credit losses (loss allowance provision)
Carrying amount of trade receivables (net of
impairment)

>12 months

Statutory Reports

Year ended 31st March 2024

[p.308]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
(b) Financial instruments and cash deposits
Credit risk from balances with banks is managed by the Company’s treasury department in accordance with DPE
guidelines & Company’s policy. Investments of surplus funds are made only with scheduled commercial banks having
a minimum networth of ₹ 500 Crore within limits assigned to each bank and Debt based mutual funds of public
sector AMCs. The limits are reviewed by the Company’s Board of Directors on an annual basis. The limits are set to
minimise the concentration of risks and therefore mitigate financial loss through counterparty’s potential failure to
make payments.
B. Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with
its financial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. The Company’s approach to
managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when they
are due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the
Company’s reputation.
Typically the Company ensures that it has sufficient cash on demand to meet expected operational expenses for
a period of 60 days, including the servicing of financial obligations; this excludes the potential impact of extreme
circumstances that cannot reasonably be predicted, such as natural disasters. In addition, the Company has taken
fund based limits with banks to meet its short term financial obligations.
i. Financing arrangements
The Company has access to the following undrawn borrowing facilities at the end of reporting period
₹ in crore
31st March 2024

31st March 2023

-

433.00

4,257.12

5,052.78

Flexible rate
Expiring within one year (bank overdraft and other facilities)
Working capital Limits with Banks
ii. Maturities of financial liabilities
The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Company’s financial liabilities based on contractual
undiscounted payments.
₹ in crore
Year ended
31 March 2024

On
demand

Less than
3 months

3 months to
6 months

6 months
to 1 year

Between
1and 2 years

Between 2
and 5 years

-

2,656.32

700.22

-

-

-

3,356.54

331.24

41.17

0.11

-

-

-

372.52

0.08

0.08

0.15

798.91

209.10

3.39

67.80

37.88

2.01

1,119.10

1,130.14

2,906.67

703.80

67.95

37.88

2.01

4,848.46

On
demand

Less than
3 months

3 months to
6 months

6 months
to 1 year

Between
1and 2 years

Between 2
and 5 years

Borrowings

415.98

1,057.33

647.88

-

-

-

2,121.19

Trade payables

359.94

65.83

-

-

-

-

425.76

0.36

0.72

0.39

717.09

51.41

16.61

55.14

44.70

11.58

896.53

1,493.01

1,174.93

665.21

55.53

44.70

11.58

3,444.96

Borrowings
Trade payables
Lease Liability
Other financial
liabilities

Year ended
31 March 2023

Lease Liability
Other financial
liabilities

304

Total

0.30

Total

1.47

[p.309]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
C. Market risk
Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as foreign exchange rates and interest rates will affect the
Company’s income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments. The objective of market risk management is
to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable parameters, while optimising the return.
(i) Foreign currency risk
Since majority of the company's operations are being carried out in India and since all the material balances are
denominated in its functional currency, the company does not carry any material exposure to currency fluctuation
risk.
(ii) Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because
of changes in market interest rates. The company quite often bridges its short term cash flow mismatch by availing
unsecured working capital loans from banks or against its fixed deposits. Such loans have a very short tenure and
the interest rate on such loans is based upon the fixed rates offered by banks on fixed deposits, increased by a few
basis points or the rate of interest applicable for unsecured loans. Since the interest rates on fixed deposits are fixed,
the company does not have any interest rate risk on such loans availed on a loan to loan basis.
The Company's exposure to interest rate risk is minimal and hence no sensitivity analysis is presented.
2.34.23 (i) RECONCILIATION OF BALANCE SHEET AS AT 01ST APRIL 2022
Particulars

INR in crore
Adjustment

Restated figures
as at 31.03.2022

1) Non-Current Assets
2,381.73

8.15

8.15

c) Capital work-in- progress

1,298.48

1,298.48

d) Other intangible assets

443.89

443.89

5.00

5.00

-

-

i) Investments

987.32

987.32

ii) Loans

682.99

682.99

iii) Other Financial Assets

589.75

589.75

g) Deferred tax assets (Net)

568.94

568.94

h) Other non-current assets

2,103.88

2,103.88

Total non-current assets

9,070.13

b) Right- of -Use Assets

e) Intangible assets under development
f) Financial assets

-

9,070.13

2) Current Assets :
a) Inventories

2,125.21

2,125.21

b) Financial assets

-

-

i) Investment

-

-

ii) Trade receivables
iii) Cash and cash equivalents
iv) Bank balances other than (iii) above
v) Other financial assets

2,954.30

1,236.15

4,190.45

82.92

82.92

7,856.48

7,856.48

593.08

593.08

305

Financial Statements

2,381.73

Statutory Reports

Published Figures
as at 31.03.2022

ASSETS
a) Property plant & equipment

Corporate Overview

The Company's exposure to foreign currencies is minimal and hence no sensitivity analysis is presented.

[p.310]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Particulars

Published Figures
as at 31.03.2022

Adjustment

Restated figures
as at 31.03.2022

c) Current tax assets (Net)

899.86

899.86

d) Other current assets

1,169.86

1,169.86

0.81

0.81

e) Assets held for disposal
Total current assets

15,682.52

1,236.15

16,918.67

Total Assets

24,752.65

1,236.15

25,988.80

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
a) Equity share capital

293.07

293.07

b) Other equity

17,582.19

17,582.19

Total equity

17,875.26

-

17,875.26

LIABILITIES
1) Non- Current Liabilities
a) Financial liabilities
i) Borrowings

-

-

5.85

5.85

150.28

150.28

b) Provisions

1,092.00

1,092.00

Total non-current liabilities

1,248.13

-

1,248.13

1,792.50

1,236.15

3,028.65

ia) Lease Liability
ii) Other Financial liabilities

2) Current Liabilties
a) Financial liabilities
i) Borrowings
ia) Lease Liability

1.45

1.45

ii) Trade payables

-

-

a) Total Outstanding dues of Micro Enterprises
and Small Enterprises

26.59

26.59

b) Total Outstanding dues of Creditors other than
Micro Enterprises and Small Enterprises

637.86

637.86

521.42

521.42

2,635.05

2,635.05

14.39

14.39

-

-

iii) Other financial liabilities
b) Other current liabilties
c) Provisions
d) Current Tax Liabilities (Net)
Total current liabilities

5,629.26

1,236.15

6,865.41

Total liabilities

6,877.39

1,236.15

8,113.54

24,752.65

1,236.15

25,988.80

Total equity and liabilities

306

[p.311]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
2.34.23 (ii) RECONCILIATION OF BALANCE SHEET AS AT 31ST MARCH 2023
Particulars

Published Figures
as at 31.03.2023

INR in crore
Adjustment

Restated figures
as at 31.03.2023

ASSETS
1) Non-Current Assets
a) Property plant & equipment

6.98

6.98

c) Capital work-in- progress

1,961.72

1,961.72

d) Other intangible assets

628.33

628.33

6.49

6.49

-

-

i) Investments

886.72

886.72

ii) Loans

705.06

705.06

iii) Other Financial Assets

2,605.11

2,605.11

g) Deferred tax assets (Net)

297.50

297.50

h) Other non-current assets

2,663.31

2,663.31

Total non-current assets

12,139.78

b) Right- of -Use Assets

e) Intangible assets under development
f) Financial assets

-

12,139.78

2) Current Assets :
a) Inventories

2,660.58

2,660.58

b) Financial assets

-

-

i) Investment

-

-

ii) Trade receivables
iii) Cash and cash equivalents

2,656.02

1,705.21

4,361.23
77.59

6,970.45

6,970.45

v) Other financial assets

542.01

542.01

c) Current tax assets (Net)

1,121.82

1,121.82

d) Other current assets

1,772.79

1,772.79

0.66

0.66

iv) Bank balances other than (iii) above

e) Assets held for disposal
Total current assets

15,801.92

1,705.21

17,507.13

Total Assets

27,941.70

1,705.21

29,646.91

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
a) Equity share capital

293.07

293.07

b) Other equity

22,039.24

22,039.24

Total equity

22,332.31

-

22,332.31

LIABILITIES
1) Non- Current Liabilities
a) Financial liabilities
i) Borrowings

-

-

307

Financial Statements

77.59

Statutory Reports

2,378.56

Corporate Overview

2,378.56

[p.312]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Particulars

Published Figures
as at 31.03.2023

ia) Lease Liability
ii) Other Financial liabilities
b) Provisions

Adjustment

Restated figures
as at 31.03.2023

4.74

4.74

150.28

150.28

1,255.56

1,255.56

c) Deferred tax liabilties (Net)
Total non-current liabilities

1,410.58

-

1,410.58

415.98

1,705.21

2,121.19

2) Current Liabilties
a) Financial liabilities
i) Borrowings
ia) Lease Liability

1.47

1.47

ii) Trade payables

-

-

a) Total Outstanding dues of Micro Enterprises
and Small Enterprises

25.23

25.23

b) Total Outstanding dues of Creditors other than
Micro Enterprises and Small Enterprises

400.53

400.53

896.53

896.53

2,335.84

2,335.84

123.23

123.23

-

-

iii) Other financial liabilities
b) Other current liabilties
c) Provisions
d) Current Tax Liabilities (Net)
Total current liabilities

4,198.81

1,705.21

5,904.02

Total liabilities

5,609.39

1,705.21

7,314.60

Total equity and liabilities

27,941.70

1,705.21

29,646.91

Note No. : 2.34.24 Capital Management
a) Risk management
The primary objective of the Company’s capital management is to maximise the shareholder value. The Company's
objectives when managing the capital are to safeguard their ability to continue as a going concern, so that they can
continue to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders.
The Board’s policy is to maintain a strong capital base so as to maintain investor, creditor and market confidence and
to sustain future development of the business. The Board of Directors and senior management monitors the return
on capital, which the Company defines as result from operating activities divided by total shareholders’ equity.
b) Dividends

₹ In crore
31st March 2024

31st March 2023

Final dividend for the year ended 31st March 2024 of ₹ 1.50 (31st March
2023: ₹ 2.85) per equity share.

439.59

835.23

Interim dividend for the year ended 31st March 2024 of ₹ 5.75 (31st
March 2023: ₹ 3.75) per fully paid share

1,685.11

1,098.98

(i) Equity shares

308

[p.313]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to SFS - contd.
Rs. In crore
31st March 2024
Net Debt (excluding short term)
Total equity
Net debt to equity ratio

(DILIP KUMAR MOHANTY)
(AMITAVA MUKHERJEE)
Director (Production)
Chairman-Cum-Managing Director (Additional Charge),
DIN: 09296720
Director (Finance)
DIN: 08265207

-

-

25,405.78

22,332.31

-

-

As per separate report of even dated attached
For M/s Varma & Varma,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Regn No: 004532S
(P R PRASANNA VARMA)
Partner
Membership No: 025854

Corporate Overview

For and on behalf of the Board

31st March 2023

(AS PARDHA SARADHI)
ED & Company Secretary
Place: Hyderabad
Dated: 27th May 2024

Statutory Reports
Financial Statements

309

[p.314]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

310

[p.315]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

311

[p.316]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

312

[p.317]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

313

[p.318]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
To,
The Members,
NMDC Limited
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying Consolidated
Financial Statements of NMDC Limited (hereinafter
referred to as the “Holding Company”) ,its subsidiaries
(Holding Company and its subsidiaries together referred
to as “the Group”) and its joint ventures and associates,
which comprise the Consolidated Balance Sheet as at
March 31, 2024, the Consolidated Statement of Profit
and Loss, (including Other Comprehensive Income),
the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
and the Consolidated Statement of Cash flows for
the year then ended, and notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements including material accounting
policy information and other explanatory information
(hereinafter referred to as “the Consolidated Financial
Statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and
according to the explanations given to us and based on
the consideration of other auditors on separate financial
statements and on the other financial information of the
subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates as referred
to in sub-paragraph (a) and (b) of the “Other Matters”
paragraph given below, the aforesaid Consolidated
Financial Statements give the information required by
the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) in the manner so
required and give a true and fair view in conformity
with the Indian Accounting Standards prescribed
under section 133 of the Act read with the Companies
(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 as amended
(“Ind AS”) and other accounting principles generally
accepted in India, of the consolidated state of affairs
of the Group as at March 31, 2024, their consolidated
profit, consolidated total other comprehensive income,
consolidated changes in equity and consolidated cash
flows for the year then ended.

314

Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with the
Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under section
143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those
Standards are further described in the Auditor’s
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements section of our report. We are
independent of the Group in accordance with the
Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered
Accountants of India (“ICAI”) together with the ethical
requirements that are relevant to our audit of the
Consolidated Financial Statements under the provisions
of the Act and the Rules made thereunder, and we have
fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance
with the provisions of the Act and the ICAI’s Code of
Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
for our audit opinion on the Consolidated Financial
Statements.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our
professional judgement, were of most significance in
our audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements of
the current period. These matters were addressed in
the context of our audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion
thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on
these matters. Considering the requirement of Standard
on Auditing (SA 600) on “Using the work of Another
Auditor” including materiality, below Key Audit Matters
have been reproduced from the Independent Auditors’
Report on the audit of Standalone Financial Statements
of the Holding Company.
For each Key audit matter below of Holding Company,
description of how our audit addressed the Key audit
matter is provided in that context. We have determined
the following matters to be the Key Audit matters to be
communicated in our report of Holding Company.

[p.319]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Sl No
1.

Key Audit Matter

Auditor’s Response

Revenue from Operations and Related Royalty &
Levies

The audit procedures in relation to revenue recognised,
royalty and other statutory dues payable included the
following:

Revenue from Operations:



Revenue from operations constitute
revenue from sale of iron ore and pellets.
The Company deals with different sizes
of iron ore. Amounts invoiced is adjusted
with the price of ‘Fe’ content in the
product sold. This involves substantial
effort in establishing accuracy of revenue
recognised. Hence, this was identified as
Key Audit Matter.



The sale price of Iron-ore is based on the
presence of “Fe” content in the Iron-ore.
The sale price in the e-auction (advance)
as well as Long Term Agreement are
fixed for standard “Fe” grade and revenue
are recognized at standard “Fe” and
adjustments for the revenue recognized
are made (Bonus / Penalty) based on the
certified actual “Fe” grade.
Royalty & Levies



Royalty and other statutory dues on sale
of Iron–ore are required to be paid on the
basis of Mines and Minerals (Development
and Regulation) Act on advance basis
to the respective statutory authorities.
The Royalty and other statutory dues are
computed on the basis of the “Fe” grade
and rate published by Indian Bureau of
Mines (IBM).



Assessing the appropriateness of the Company’s
revenue recognition accounting policies in line with
Ind AS 115.



Understanding and testing of design and operating
effectiveness of Internal controls in place relating
to recognition and measurement of revenue,
royalty and other cess payable.



Testing of relevant information technology general
controls, automated controls, and the related
information used in recording and disclosing
revenue.



Performed Cut off procedures as on year end with
respect to revenue, royalty and other cess paid
based on quantity dispatched.



Recomputed royalty and other cess payable for
the current year as per IBM rates based on “Fe”
quantities sold and reconciled the provision made.



Performed analytical procedures on current
year revenue, royalty and other cess and where
appropriate, conducted further enquiries and
testing.



Substantive testing of revenue, royalty and other
cess with the underlying documents on a sample
basis.



Substantive testing of quantity despatched on sale
with the sales recorded in books and substantive
testing of royalty and other cess paid on quantity
dispatched.

Financial Statements

We identified Royalty & other statutory
dues as Key Audit Matter, considering the
quantum of royalty and other statutory
dues, inherent risk involved in accurately
recognizing royalty and other statutory
dues and complexities involved with
respect to Fe grade, rates prescribed,
timing of despatches.

(Refer Note 2.18 and 2.35.14 to the Consolidated
Financial Statement)
2.

Capital Work-in progress:
Considering the nature, duration, estimated
amount and amount incurred on projects carried
out, Capital Work in Progress is determined as a
key audit matter.
(Refer Note 2.2 to the Consolidated Financial
Statement)

Statutory Reports

B)



Corporate Overview

A)

The audit procedures in relation to Capital Work in
Progress included the following:


Reviewed the accounting policies for CWIP.



Understanding and testing of design and operating
effectiveness of Internal controls in place relating
to approval process for capitalisation.



Tested the control procedure for identification of
cost incurred for specific projects.



Performed substantive procedures on sample
basis for amounts capitalised and amounts added
to CWIP during the year.



Examined the disclosures made in respect of CWIP
in compliance with Ind AS-16 and Schedule III to
the Companies Act 2013.

315

[p.320]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Sl No

Key Audit Matter
Mine Closure Obligation (MCO):

3.

The company provides for Mine closure
obligation (MCO) based on the present
cost of closure of mining project based on a
representative mine. The rate of closure arrived
at based on such cost is uniformly applied to
other mines for arriving at the total MCO liability.

4.

Auditor’s Response
The audit procedure performed in relation to Mine
Closure Obligation included the following:


Our Audit procedure comprise of identification
and understanding of the reasonableness of the
principal assumptions used by the management to
the MCO which involves technical evaluation and
data of production of ore.

As the provision for mine closure involves
estimate and Management judgement, the
amount involved is significant, the same is
considered as a Key Audit Matter.



We have reviewed the methodology to quantify the
liability for mine closure obligation at a rate per MT
on the cumulative Run of Mine quantity for mine
closure obligations.

(Refer Note 2.14.4 to the Consolidated Financial
Statement)



We have verified the arithmetical accuracy of the
provision for mine closure obligation based on the
recommendation of the Committee formed for this
purpose.

Contingent Liabilities

The audit procedures in relation to contingent liabilities
included the following:

The Company is involved in various taxes and
other disputes for which final outcome cannot
be predicted and which could potentially result
in significant liabilities. The assessment of the
risks associated with the litigations is based on
complex assumptions, which require the use
of judgements and such judgements relates,
primarily, to the assessment of the uncertainties
connected to the prediction of the outcome of
the proceedings and to the adequacy of the
disclosures in the financial statements. Because
of the judgement required, the materiality
of such litigations and the complexity of the
assessment process, the area is a key matter for
our audit.
(Refer Note 2.32 to the Consolidated Financial
Statement)



Understood and tested the design and operating
effectiveness of controls as established by the
management for obtaining all relevant information
for pending litigation cases.



Discussed with the management regarding any
material developments thereto and latest status of
legal matters.



Read various correspondences and related
documents pertaining to litigation cases and
relevant external legal opinions obtained by the
management.



Examined management’s judgements and
assessments in respect of whether provisions are
required and discussed with the management.



Reviewed the adequacy and completeness of
disclosures.

Emphasis of Matter

Our opinion is not modified in respect of these matters.

We draw attention to the following matters forming part
of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Information Other than the Consolidated Financial
Statements and Auditor’s Report Thereon

I.

Note 2.35.4 regarding dues from NMDC Steel
Limited (“NSL”), which includes an amount of INR
2,502.64 crores arising from demerger;

i.

Note 2.31 regarding advance of INR 639.61
crores paid by the Company to a subsidiary M/s
Karnataka Vijayanagar Steel Limited (KVSL); and

II.

Note 2.35.7 regarding demand of INR 1,623.44
Crores, shown as ‘Contingent Liability’ relating
to compensation based on common cause
judgement, which is sub-judice.

The impact of the above on the Consolidated Financial
Statements is dependent on the outcome of the
proceedings/matters described in the said notes.

316

The Holding Company’s Management and Board of
Directors are responsible for the preparation of the
other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the Management Discussion and
Analysis, Board’s Report including Annexures to Board’s
Report, Business Responsibility and Sustainability
Report, Corporate Governance Report and Shareholder
Information (collectively called as “Other Information”)
but does not include the Consolidated Financial
Statements and our auditor’s report thereon. The Other
information as above is expected to be made available
to us after the date of this Auditors’ report.
Our opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements
does not cover the other information and we do not

[p.321]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements, our responsibility is to read the
other information identified above when it becomes
available and, in doing so, consider whether the
other information is materially inconsistent with the
Consolidated Financial Statements or our knowledge
obtained during the course of our audit or otherwise
appears to be materially misstated.

Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged
with Governance for the Consolidated Financial
Statements

In preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements, the
respective Board of Directors of the companies included
in the Group are responsible for assessing the ability
of the respective entities in the Group to continue as a
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related
to going concern and using the going concern basis of
accounting unless Board of Directors either intends to
liquidate their respective entities or to cease operations,
or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise
professional judgment and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
•

Identify and assess the risks of material
misstatement of the Consolidated Financial
Statements, whether due to fraud or error, design
and perform audit procedures responsive to those
risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting
from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the
override of internal control.

•

Obtain an understanding of internal financial
controls relevant to the audit in order to design
audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances. Under section 143(3) of the
Act, we are also responsible for expressing our
opinion on whether the Company has adequate
internal financial controls system with reference
to financial statements in place and the operating
effectiveness of such controls.

•

Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting
policies used and the reasonableness of
accounting estimates and related disclosures
made by management.

•

Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s
use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
based on the audit evidence obtained, whether
a material uncertainty exists related to events
or conditions that may cast significant doubt on
the ability of the Group to continue as a going
concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
exists, we are required to draw attention in our
auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
Consolidated Financial Statements or, if such
disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion.

317

Financial Statements

The respective Board of Directors of the companies
included in the Group are responsible for maintenance
of adequate accounting records in accordance with the
provisions of the Act, for safeguarding of the assets
of the Group and for preventing and detecting frauds
and other irregularities; selection and application of
appropriate accounting policies; making judgments
and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and
the design, implementation and maintenance of
adequate internal financial controls, that were operating
effectively for ensuring accuracy and completeness of
the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and
presentation of the Consolidated Financial Statements
that give a true and fair view and are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, which
have been used for the purpose of preparation of the
Consolidated Financial Statements by the Directors of
the Holding Company, as aforesaid.

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the Consolidated Financial Statements as a
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due
to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high
level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a
material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can
arise from fraud or error and are considered material if,
individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably
be expected to influence the economic decisions of
users taken on the basis of these Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Statutory Reports

The Holding Company’s Management and Board of
Directors are responsible for the matters specified
in section 134(5) of the Act for the preparation
and presentation of these Consolidated Financial
Statements, that give a true and fair view of the
consolidated financial position, consolidated financial
performance, consolidated total other comprehensive
income, consolidated changes in equity and
consolidated cash flows of the Group in accordance
with the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) specified
under section 133 of the Act read with the Companies
(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 as amended
and other accounting principles generally accepted in
India.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the
Consolidated Financial Statements

Corporate Overview

When we read the other information, if we conclude that
there is a material misstatement therein, we are required
to communicate the matter to those charged with
governance and take appropriate actions, if required.

The respective Board of Directors of the companies
included in the Group are also responsible for
overseeing the financial reporting process of the Group.

[p.322]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence
obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report.
However, future events or conditions may cause
the Group to cease to continue as a going concern:
and
•

Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and
content of the Consolidated Financial Statements,
including the disclosures, and whether the
Consolidated Financial Statements represent the
underlying transactions and events in a manner
that achieves fair presentation.

•

Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence
regarding the financial information of the
entities within the Group to express an opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements. We
are responsible for the direction, supervision
and performance of the audit of the financial
statements of such entities included in the
Consolidated Financial Statements of which we
are the independent auditors. For the Branches of
the Holding Company audited by branch auditors
and other entities included in the Consolidated
Financial Statements, which have been audited
by other auditors, such branch auditors and other
auditors remain responsible for the direction,
supervision and performance of the audits carried
out by them. We remain solely responsible for our
audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance
of the Holding Company and such other entities
included in the Consolidated Financial Statements
of which we are the independent auditors regarding,
among other matters, the planned scope and timing
of the audit and significant audit findings, including
any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with
a statement that we have complied with relevant
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to
communicate with them all relationships and other
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on
our independence, and where applicable, related
safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged
with governance, we determine those matters that were
of most significance in the audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements of the current period and are
therefore the key audit matters. We describe these
matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation
precludes public disclosure about the matter or when,
in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that
a matter should not be communicated in our report
because the adverse consequences of doing so would
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
benefits of such communication.

318

Other Matters
a.

We did not audit the financial statements of five
branches of the holding company included in the
audited Standalone Financial Statements of the
Holding Company which has been consolidated,
whose financial statements reflects total assets
of INR 13,867.36 Crores as at March 31, 2024;
total revenues of INR 21,400.76 Crores, total net
profit before tax of INR 7,194.68 Crores for the
year ended March 31, 2024 as considered in the
respective audited financial statements of the
Branches included in the Standalone Financial
Statements of the Holding Company. The financial
statements of these branches have been audited
by the respective independent branch auditors
whose reports have been furnished to us and our
opinion in so far as it relates to the amounts and
disclosures included in respect of these branches,
is based solely on the report of such branch
auditors and the procedures performed by us are
as stated under “Auditor’s Responsibilities for the
Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements”
section above after considering the requirements
of Standard on Auditing (SA 600) on “Using the
work of Another Auditor” including materiality.

b.

The Consolidated Financial Statements include
the financial statements /information of three
(3) subsidiaries which have not been audited by
their auditors and are as furnished by the Holding
Company, whose financial statements reflect
total assets of ₹ 901.20 Crores as at 31 March
2024, total revenue of ₹ 29.37 Crores, total net
profit/(loss) after tax of ₹ (62.08) Crores and
total comprehensive income/(loss) of ₹ (62.82)
Crores and cash flows (net) of ₹ 40.98 crores for
the year ended 31st March 2024, as considered
in the Consolidated Financial Statements. The
Consolidated Financial Statements also includes
the Group’s share of net (loss) after tax of ₹ (7.29)
crores and total comprehensive income of ₹
16.78 crores for the year ended 31 March, 2024,
respectively, as considered in the Consolidated
Financial Statements in respect of three (3)
associates and three (3) joint ventures, based
on their financial statements/ information which
have not been audited by their auditors and are as
furnished by the holding company. These financial
statements of the subsidiaries, joint ventures and
associates are certified by the management of
the holding company or respective companies. As
stated in Note 2.31 of the Consolidated Financial
Statements, two (2) subsidiaries, one (1) joint
venture and one (1) associate are not considered
for consolidation. According to the information and
explanations given to us by the Holding Company’s
Management, these financial statements /
information of the subsidiaries, joint ventures, and
associates are not material to the Group.

[p.323]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

c.

Our opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements, and our report on Other Legal and Regulatory
Requirements below, is not modified in respect of the above matters(paragraph (a) and (b)), with respect to
our reliance on the work done and the reports of the other auditors and the financial statements/financial
information certified by the Management.

d.

The Consolidated Financial Statements also includes the audited Consolidated Financial Statements for the
year ended March 31, 2023 which was audited by the predecessor auditor of the Company who had expressed
an unmodified opinion on those audited Consolidated Financial Statements vide their report dated May 23,
2023. We have audited the restatement adjustments, as disclosed in Note 2.35.13 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements, which have been made to the comparative Consolidated Financial Statements presented for the
years prior to year ended March 31, 2024 in accordance with the requirements of applicable Ind AS.

Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1.

As required by paragraph 3(xxi) of the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 (“the Order”) issued by the
Central Government of India in terms of Section 143(11) of the Act, we report that the following qualifications/
adverse remarks are included in the CARO report in respect of the Standalone Financial Statements of the
Holding Company which is included in these Consolidated Financial Statements:
Sl.
no
1.

CIN

Holding Company /
subsidiary/ Associate/
Joint venture

Clause number of CARO
report which is qualified

L13100TG1958GOI001674

Holding Company

iii(f)

Name
NMDC LIMITED

Sl.
no

Name

CIN

Holding Company/
Subsidiary/ Associates/
Joint Venture

J&K Mineral Development Corporation Limited

U14107JK1989SGC001110

Subsidiary

2.

Karnataka Vijayanagar Steel Limited

U27100KA2014GOI077968

Subsidiary

3.

Legacy Iron Ore Limited

Foreign Company

Subsidiary

4.

Jharkhand National Mineral Development
Corporation Limited

U10300JH2012GOI000585

Joint Venture

5.

NMDC-CMDC Limited

U13100CT2008GOI020711

Joint Venture

6.

Baster Railway Private Limited

U74900CT2016PTC007251

Joint Venture

7.

International Coal Ventures (Pvt.) Limited

U10100DL2009PTC190448

Associates

8.

Krishnapatnam Railway Company Limited

U45200TG2006PLC051378 Associates

9.

Chhattisgarh Mega Steel Limited

U27100CT2015GOI001627

Associates

2.

As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our audit and on the consideration of report of branch
audits as noted in the “Other Matters” paragraph, we report, to the extent applicable, in respect of the Holding
Company. In respect of Subsidiaries, Joint ventures and associates we are unable to comment on matters
required under section 143(3) of the Act, in the absence of statutory auditors reports of the subsidiaries, joint
ventures and associates as stated in “Other Matters”.

a.

We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and
belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit of the aforesaid Consolidated Financial Statements.

b.

In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Holding Company so far as it
appears from our examination of those books except for the matters stated in the paragraph 2(i)(vi) below on
reporting under Rule11(g) of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014

c.

The Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss, and the Consolidated Cash
Flow Statement dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the relevant books of account and other

319

Financial Statements

1.

Statutory Reports

In respect of the following entities included in the Consolidated Financial Statements, respective auditors have not
issued their report and hence we are unable to comment on the matters to be included under paragraph 3(xxi) of the
Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order 2020 in respect of these entities

Corporate Overview

Our opinion is not modified in respect of these matters.

[p.324]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

h.

records maintained for the purpose of preparation
of the Consolidated Financial Statements.
d.

e.

f.

In our opinion, the aforesaid Consolidated Financial
Statements comply with the Indian Accounting
Standards specified under Section 133 of the Act.
The provisions of Section 164(2) of the Act, in
respect of disqualification of directors are not
applicable to the company, being a Government
company in terms of notification no: - G.S.R.463(E)
dated 5th June 2015 issued by Ministry of
Corporate Affairs, Government of India.
The modifications relating to the maintenance of
accounts and other matters connected therewith
are as stated in the paragraph 2(b) above on
reporting under Section 143(3)(b) of the Act and
paragraph 2(i)(vi) below on reporting under Rule
11(g) of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules,
2014, as amended.

g.

a)

b)

With respect to the adequacy of internal financial
controls with reference to Consolidated Financial
Statements of the Holding Company and operating
effectiveness of such controls, refer to our
separate report in “Annexure A”, wherein we have
expressed an unmodified opinion.

With respect to the other matters to be included
in the auditor’s report in accordance with the
requirements of Section 197(16) of the Act, as
amended:

We are informed that the provisions of section
197 read with Schedule V of the Act, relating to
managerial remuneration are not applicable to the
Holding Company, being a Government Company, in
terms of Ministry of Corporate Affairs notification noG.S.R.463(E) 5th June 2015.
i.

With respect to the other matters to be included in
the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of
the Companies (Audit and Auditor’s) Rules, 2014, in
our opinion and to the best of our information and
according to the explanations given to us:

i.

The Consolidated Financial Statements disclose
the impact of pending litigations on the
consolidated financial position of the Group,
Refer Note 2.32 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.

ii.

The company does not have any long-term
contracts including derivative contracts for which
there were any material foreseeable losses.

iii.

There has been delay in transferring amounts,
required to be transferred, to the Investor
Education and Protection Fund by the Holding
Company as detailed below

Unclaimed amount of dividend:
Year

Amount involved
(₹ In Crores)

Due date of amount to be
transferred to IEPF

Actual date of transfer

2015-16

0.15

26-Apr-2023

26-Jun-2023

Equity shares related to unclaimed dividend:
Year

No of shares

Due date of shares to be
transferred to IEPF

Actual date of transfer

2015-16

3776

26-Apr-2023

07-Jun-2023 & 08-Jun-2023

iv.
a)

The management of the Holding Company has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief,
as disclosed in Note 2.35.17(a) to the Consolidated Financial Statements, no funds have been advanced or
loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the
Holding Company to or in any other persons or entities, including foreign entities (“Intermediaries”) with the
understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall:
•

Directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or
on behalf of the Holding Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or

•

Provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.

320

[p.325]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

b)

v.

•

Directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other
persons or entities identified in any manner
whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding
Party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or

•

Provide any guarantee, security or the like on
behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries; and

Based on the audit procedures performed by
us that have been considered reasonable and
appropriate in the circumstances, nothing has
come to our notice that has caused us to believe
that the representations under sub-clause (iv) (a)
and (iv)(b) contain any material misstatement.

Based on our examination which included test
checks and the report of the auditors of the five
branches of the Holding Company and according
to the information and explanations given to us,
the holding company has used the accounting
software for maintaining its books of account
which has a feature of audit trail (edit log) facility
and the same has operated throughout the year
for all the relevant transactions recorded in such
software except that:
The feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility
was not enabled at the database level to log any
direct data changes for the accounting software
used by Holding Company for maintaining the
books of account.
During the course of our audit of Holding
Company, we did not come across any instance
of audit trail feature being tampered with for the
period for which audit trail was enabled.
In the first year of applicability, the reporting on
preservation of audit trail for record retention
is not required as per “Implementation guide in
Reporting on Audit Trail under Rule 11(g) of the
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 issued
by ICAI.

The final dividend paid by the Holding Company
during the year which was declared for the
previous financial year 2022-23 and approved
by the members at Annual General Meeting is
in accordance with section 123 of the Act to the
extent it applies to payment of dividend.
Place: Hyderabad
Date: May 27, 2024

P R Prasanna Varma
Partner
M No. 025854
UDIN: 24025854BKGPYW9876

321

Financial Statements

As stated in Note 2.35.24 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements, the Board of Directors of the
Holding Company has recommended final dividend
for the year which is subject to the approval of the
members at the ensuing Annual General Meeting.
The dividend declared is in accordance with
section 123 of the Act to the extent it applies to
declaration of dividend.

For VARMA & VARMA
Chartered Accountants
FRN 004532S

Statutory Reports

The interim dividend declared and paid by the
Holding Company during the year and until the
date of this audit report is in accordance with
Section 123 of the Act.

vi.

Corporate Overview

c)

The management of the Holding Company has
represented, that, to the best of its knowledge
and belief, as disclosed in Note 2.35.17(b) to the
Consolidated Financial Statements, no funds have
been received by the Holding Company from
any persons or entities, including foreign entities
(“Funding Parties”), with the understanding,
whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the
group shall:

[p.326]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

ANNEXURE “A”

TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
(Referred to in paragraph 2(g) under the heading
‘Report on Other Legal & Regulator Requirement’ of
our report to the Members of NMDC Limited of even
date on the Consolidated Financial Statements for the
year ended March 31,2024)
Report on the Internal Financial Controls with
reference to Consolidated Financial Statements under
Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the
Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”)
We have audited the internal financial controls with
reference to Consolidated Financial Statements of
NMDC Limited (“the Holding Company”) as of March 31,
2024, in conjunction with our audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements of the company for the year ended
on that date.
Management’s Responsibilities for Internal Financial
Controls
The Holding Company’s Management and Board
of Directors are responsible for establishing and
maintaining internal financial controls based on
the internal control over financial reporting criteria
established by the Holding Company considering
the essential components of internal control stated
in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial
Controls over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute
of Chartered Accountants of India (‘ICAI’). These
responsibilities include the design, implementation and
maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that
were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and
efficient conduct of its business, including adherence
to the respective company’s policies, the safeguarding
of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds
and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the
accounting records, and the timely preparation of
reliable financial information, as required under the Act.
Auditors’ Responsibilities for the audit of Internal
Financial Controls with reference to Consolidated
Financial Statements
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
internal financial controls with reference to the
Consolidated Financial Statements based on our
audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls
Over Financial Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) issued
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and
the Standards on Auditing prescribed under section
143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable to an audit
of internal financial controls. Those Standards and the
Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical
requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal
financial controls with reference to Consolidated

322

Financial Statement were established and maintained
and if such controls operated effectively in all material
respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain
audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal
financial controls system with reference to Consolidated
Financial Statements and their operating effectiveness.
Our audit of internal financial controls with reference to
Consolidated Financial Statements included obtaining
an understanding of internal financial controls with
reference to Consolidated Financial Statements,
assessing the risk that a material weakness exists,
and testing and evaluating the design and operating
effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed
risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s
judgment, including the assessment of the risks of
material misstatement of the Consolidated Financial
Statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained
and the audit evidence obtained by branch auditors of
Holding company in terms of their reports referred to
in the ‘Other Matters’ paragraph below is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on
the Holding Company’s internal financial controls with
reference to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with reference
to Consolidated Financial Statements
A company’s internal financial control with reference
to Consolidated Financial Statements is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
Consolidated Financial Statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. A company’s internal financial control with
reference to Consolidated Financial Statements includes
those policies and procedures that
1.

Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company;

2.

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts
and expenditures of the company are being
made only in accordance with authorizations of
management and directors of the company; and

3.

Provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s
assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements.

[p.327]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls with
reference to Consolidated Financial Statements

Opinion

Other Matters
Our aforesaid report under Section 143(3)(i) of the Act
on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the
Internal financial controls with reference to standalone

Our report is not modified in respect of the above
matters.
As per our attached report of even dated

For VARMA & VARMA
Chartered Accountants
FRN 004532S

Place: Hyderabad
Date: May 27, 2024

P R Prasanna Varma
Partner
M No. 025854
UDIN: 24025854BKGPYW9876

Statutory Reports

In our opinion, to the best of our information and
according to the explanations given to us, the holding
company included in the Consolidated Financial
Statements has, in all material respects, an adequate
internal financial controls system with reference to
Consolidated Financial Statements and such internal
financial controls with reference to Consolidated
Financial Statements were operating effectively as at
March 31, 2024, based on the internal control over
financial reporting criteria established by the Holding
Company considering the essential components of
internal control stated in the “Guidance Note on Audit
of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting”
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of
India.

Our aforesaid report under Section 143(3)(i) of the
Act on the adequacy and operating effectiveness
of the Internal financial controls with reference to
consolidated financial statements in so far as it relates
to 3 subsidiaries, 3 joint ventures and 3 associates
incorporated in India or outside India, whose financial
statements / financial information are unaudited and our
opinion on the adequacy and operating effectiveness
of the internal financial controls with reference to
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group
is not affected as the Group’s share of net profit/
loss (including Other Comprehensive Income) and
disclosures included in respect of these subsidiaries,
joint ventures and associates in these Consolidated
Financial Statements are not material to the Group.

Corporate Overview

Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial
controls with reference to Consolidated Financial
Statements, including the possibility of collusion or
improper management override of controls, material
misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and
not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation
of the internal financial controls with reference to
Consolidated Financial Statements to future periods are
subject to the risk that the internal financial control with
reference to Consolidated Financial Statements may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate.

financial statements of the Holding Company, in
so far as it relates to 5 Branches, is based on the
corresponding reports of the branch auditors of the
Holding company.

Financial Statements

323

[p.328]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

AS AT 31ST MARCH 2024

INR in crore

Particulars

Note
No.

Figures as at the end of
current reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the end of
previous reporting year
31st March 2023 (*)

Figures as at
1st April 2022
(*)

2,477.88
42.61
3,230.51
93.89
762.24
4.14

2,381.31
7.44
1,991.55
93.89
715.93
6.49

3,024.61
8.27
1,328.31
93.89
535.72
5.00

951.17
81.74
2,609.89
265.89
3,592.54
14,112.50

934.68
62.62
2,605.11
297.50
3,302.92
12,399.44

894.95
40.77
589.75
568.94
2,103.89
9,194.10

2,766.95

2,660.58

2,125.21

4.89
3,508.93
109.39
12,254.26
335.80
830.69
1,736.64
0.98
21,548.53
35,661.03

5.75
4,361.23
93.00
7,004.75
531.85
1,121.82
1,773.84
0.66
17,553.48
29,952.92

5.90
4,190.45
120.60
7,856.87
583.86
899.86
1,170.83
0.81
16,954.39
26,148.49

293.07
25,362.83
25,655.90
17.01
25,672.91

293.07
22,327.76
22,620.83
14.23
22,635.06

293.07
17,725.18
18,018.25
13.45
18,031.70

1.76
150.28
1,431.26
1,583.30

5.02
150.28
1,255.99
1,411.29

5.85
150.28
1,092.46
1,248.59

3,356.54
0.48

2,121.19
1.66

3,028.65
1.59

28.29

25.23

26.59

384.26

400.68

638.17

1,119.28
3,027.12
255.29
233.56
8,404.82
9,988.12
35,661.03
-

896.93
2,337.02
123.86
5,906.57
7,317.86
29,952.92
-

521.78
2,636.30
15.12
6,868.20
8,116.79
26,148.49
-

ASSETS
Non-current Assets
a) Property, plant & equipment
2.1.1
b) Right- of -Use Assets
2.1.2
c) Capital work-in- progress
2.2
d) Goodwill
e) Other intangible assets
2.3
f) Intangible assets under development
2.4
g) Financial assets
i) Investments
2.4.1
ii) Loans
2.4.2
iii) Other Finanial Assets
2.4.3
h) Deferred tax assets (Net)
2.5
i) Other non-current assets
2.6
Total non-current assets
Current Assets :
a) Inventories
2.7
b) Financial assets
i) Investments
2.8.1a
ii) Trade receivables
2.8.1b
iii) Cash and cash equivalents
2.8.2
iv) Bank balances other than (ii) above
2.8.3
v) Other financial assets
2.8.4
c) Current tax assets (Net)
2.9
d) Other current assets
2.10
e) Assets held for disposal
2.11
Total current assets
Total Assets
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
a) Equity share capital
2.12
b) Other Equity
2.13
Equity attributable to owners of NMDC Ltd
Non-controlling interest
Total equity
Liabilities
Non- current liabilities
a) Financial liabilities
i) Borrowings
2.14.1
ia) Lease Liability
2.14.2
ii) Other Financial liabilities
2.14.3
b) Provisions
2.14.4
Total non-current liabilities
Current liabilities
a) Financial liabilities
i) Borrowings
2.15.1
ia) Lease Liability
2.15.2
ii) Trade payables
2.15.3
a) Total Outstanding dues of Micro Enterprises and Small
Enterprises
b) Total Outstanding dues of Creditors other than Micro
Enterprises and Small Enterprises
iii) Other financial liabilities
2.15.4
b) Other current liabilties
2.16
c) Provisions
2.17.1
d) Current Tax Liabilities (Net)
2.17.2
Total current liabilities
Total liabilities
Total equity and liabilities
(*) - Restated as per Note No. 2.35.13
Material Accounting Policy information and notes to Financial Statements : 1.2 & 2
For and on behalf of the Board

(DILIP KUMAR MOHANTY)
Director (Production)
DIN: 09296720
(AS PARDHA SARADHI)
ED & Company Secretary
Place: Hyderabad
Dated: 27th May 2024

324

As per separate report of even dated attached
For M/s Varma & Varma,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Regn No: 004532S
(AMITAVA MUKHERJEE)
Chairman-Cum-Managing Director (Additional Charge),
Director (Finance)
DIN: 08265207

(P R PRASANNA VARMA)
Partner
Membership No: 025854

[p.329]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS

FOR YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2024

Particulars

2.18
2.19

21,307.85
1,370.88
22,678.73

17,666.88
768.22
18,435.10

2.20

20.97
652.72
(93.36)
1,625.54
168.10
246.34
9,214.13
338.47
78.24
350.66
1,842.11
14,443.92
8,234.81
(282.15)
7,952.66

70.59
556.34
(496.33)
1,530.57
144.10
210.01
7,725.04
263.00
75.23
336.18
1,611.03
12,025.76
6,409.34
1,237.27
7,646.61

2,117.62
231.18
31.62
2,380.42
5,572.24
(1.32)
(0.33)
(0.99)
5,571.25
(4.19)
(0.38)
5,575.06

1,664.65
172.13
271.43
2,108.21
5,538.40
(0.91)
(0.23)
(0.68)
5,537.72
1.10
64.84
5,601.46

(34.04)

115.14

12.81
(0.80)
(22.03)
5,553.03

(9.98)
(0.19)
104.97
5,706.43

5,570.87
(4.19)
5,575.06

5,602.56
1.10
5,601.46

(21.23)
(0.80)
(22.03)

104.97
104.97

5,549.64
(4.99)
5,554.63

5,707.53
1.10
5,706.43

2.33.5
2.33.5

19.02
19.02

19.11
19.11

2.33.5
2.33.5

-

-

2.33.5
2.33.5

19.02
19.02

19.11
19.11

2.21
2.22
2.23
2.24
2.25
2.26
2.1 & 2.3
2.27
2.28
2.29
2.29

IX. Profit for the year from continuting operations (VII-VIII)
X. Loss from discontinued operations
XI. Tax expense of discontinued operations
XII Loss from discontinued operations(X-XI)
XIII Profit for the year (IX +XII)
XIV. Share of non controling interest (Loss)
XV. Share of Profit /(Losses) of Associates
XVI. Profit after adjusting minority interest and share of loss of Associates (XIII-XIV+XV)
Other Comprehensive Income
Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss Re-measurements of post-employment benefit
obligations
Income tax relating to these items
B) (i) Item that will be reclassified to profit or loss
XVII. Other Comprehensive income (Net of tax)
XVIII. Total Comprehensive income for the year (XVI-XVII)
Profit is attibutable to :
Owners of the parent
Non Controling Interest
Other Comprehensive Income/(Expenses) attributable to:
Owners of the parent
Non Controling Interest
TotalComprehensive attributable to:
Owners of the parent
Non Controling Interest
Earnings per equity share (for continuing operation)
i) Basic
ii) Diluted
Earnings per equity share (for discontinued operation)
i) Basic
ii) Diluted
Earnings per equity share (for discontinued & continuing operation)
i) Basic
ii) Diluted
Material Accounting Policy information and notes to Financial Statements : 1.2 & 2
For and on behalf of the Board

(DILIP KUMAR MOHANTY)
Director (Production)
DIN: 09296720

As per separate report of even dated attached
For M/s Varma & Varma,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Regn No: 004532S
(AMITAVA MUKHERJEE)
Chairman-Cum-Managing Director (Additional Charge),
Director (Finance)
DIN: 08265207

(P R PRASANNA VARMA)
Partner
Membership No: 025854

(AS PARDHA SARADHI)
ED & Company Secretary
Place: Hyderabad
Dated: 27th May 2024

325

Financial Statements

Figures for
the previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Statutory Reports

Figures for
the current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Note No

Corporate Overview

I. Revenue from operations
II. Other Income
III. Total Income (I+II)
IV. Expenses :
Consumption of raw materials
Consumption of Stores & Spares (Refer Note - 2.30)
Changes in inventories of finished goods/ Work in progress
Employee benefit expense
Power and electricity
Repairs & maintenance
Royalty & other Levies (Refer Note - 2.35.14)
Selling Expenses
Finance cost
Depreciation and amortisatioon expense
Other expenses
Total expenses
V. Profit before exceptional items and tax (III-IV)
VI.Exceptional items Income/(Expenditure)
VII. Profit before tax (V+VI)
VIII. Tax expense :
(1) Current year
(2) Earlier years (net) (Refer Note - 2.35.1)
(3) Deferred tax

INR in crore

[p.330]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2024
a) Equity Share Capital

INR in crores
Particulars

Note No.

Balance as at 1st April 2022

Amount

2.12

293.07

2.12

293.07

Changes in Equity share capital
Balance as at 31st March 2023
Changes in Equity share capital

-

Balance as at 31 March 2024

293.07

st

b) Other Equity - 2.13

INR in crores
Reserve & Surplus

Particulars

General
Reserve

Retained
earnings

Capital
Redemption
Reserve

Other
Comprehensive
Income

Capital
Reserve

Total
Owners
Equity

Balance as at 1st April 2022

15,617.90

1,761.52

103.40

4.12

238.24

17,725.18

13.45

5,601.46

1.10

104.99

-

Profit for the year

5,601.46

Other Comprehensive Income net of tax

104.99

Demerger Expenses persuant to scheme of
arrangement

(2.27)

Interim Dividends (2022-23)

(2.27)

(1,098.98)

(1,098.98)

Foreign Exchange Translation Reserve (OCI)

(2.83)

Adjustment on Consolidation
Transfer to General Reserve

4,400.00

Noncontrolling
interest

(2.83)

(0.32)

0.21

0.21

-

(4,400.00)

-

Total

4,400.00

100.42

-

102.16

-

4,602.58

0.78

Balance as at 31st March 2023

20,017.90

1,861.94

103.40

106.28

238.24

22,327.76

14.23

Balance as at 1st April 2023

20,017.90

1,861.94

103.40

106.28

238.24

22,327.76

14.23

5,575.06

(4.19)

Profit for the year

5,575.06

Adition in the holding

7.49

Other Comprehensive Income net of tax

(22.10)

Interim Dividend (2023-24)

(1,685.11)

Final Dividend (2022-23)

(835.23)

(22.10)
(1,685.11)
(835.23)

Foreign Exchange Translation Reserve (OCI)

(4.68)

Adjustment on Consolidation

(4.68)

7.13

(0.52)

7.13

Transfer to General Reserve

3,000.00

(3,000.00)

Total

3,000.00

61.85

-

(26.78)

-

3,035.07

2.78

23,017.90

1,923.79

103.40

79.50

238.24

25,362.83

17.01

Balance as at 31 March 2024
st

-

For and on behalf of the Board

(DILIP KUMAR MOHANTY)
Director (Production)
DIN: 09296720
(AS PARDHA SARADHI)
ED & Company Secretary
Place: Hyderabad
Dated: 27th May 2024

326

As per separate report of even dated attached
For M/s Varma & Varma,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Regn No: 004532S
(AMITAVA MUKHERJEE)
Chairman-Cum-Managing Director (Additional Charge),
Director (Finance)
DIN: 08265207

(P R PRASANNA VARMA)
Partner
Membership No: 025854

[p.331]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT

FOR YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2024

INR in crore

Continued Operations

7,952.66

7,646.61

Discontinued Operations

(1.32)

(0.91)

7,951.34

7,645.70

Depreciation & amortisation expense

359.42

336.18

Reversal of impairment loss

(8.76)

-

(Profit)/Loss on disposal of property, plant & equipement

0.72

(0.09)

(0.22)

(4.90)

2.18

13.02

(1,033.88)

(544.49)

Particulars
CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit/(Loss) before income tax from

Profit before income tax including discontinued operations
Adjustments for non cash/non operational expenses:

Profit on Sale of Mutual Funds
Provision for bad & doubtful advances
Interest Income classified as cash flow from investing activities
Finance Costs

75.23
7,520.65

0.86

0.15

850.12

(183.80)

(Increase )/Decrease in inventories

(106.37)

(535.37)

(Increase)/Decrease in other financial assets

249.86

38.88

(Increase)/Decrease loans to employees and related parties

(19.89)

(2,038.38)

(Increase)/Decrease in other non current assets

(188.18)

(425.63)

(Increase)/Decrease in other current assets

37.20

(603.01)

(Increase)/Decrease in assets held for disposal

(0.32)

0.15

Increase/(Decrease) in trade payables

(13.36)

(238.85)

Increase/(Decrease) in provisions

201.07

273.31

Increase/(Decrease) employee benefit obligations

(18.82)

113.85

Increase/(Decrease) in other financial liabilities

174.46

283.41

Increase/(Decrease) in other current liabilities

690.10

(299.28)

Cash generated from operations

9,205.77

3,906.08

Income Taxes paid

(1,810.97)

(2,068.49)

Net Cash Flow from operating activities

7,394.80

1,837.59

Adjustments for working capital changes:
(Increase)/ Decrease in Investments
(Increase)/ Decrease in trade receivables

327

Financial Statements

78.24
7,349.04

Operating Profits before working capital changes

Statutory Reports

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Corporate Overview

Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

[p.332]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT (CONTT...)

FOR YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2024

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

(1,847.09)

(1,247.22)

investments

(8.07)

22.26

Investment in Mutual Funds (Net)

0.22

4.90

976.06

558.79

Investment in term deposits with more than three months

(5,197.55)

863.52

Net Cash Flow from investing activities

(6,076.43)

202.25

-

(2.27)

1,235.35

(907.46)

Lease Liability

(4.43)

(0.76)

Deposits (paid) / Encashed towards LCs and BGs (towards non fund based facilities)

66.24

17.55

Interest paid

(78.24)

(75.23)

Dividends paid (including tax thereon and net off balances for unpaid dividends)

(2,520.90)

(1,099.27)

Net Cash Flow from financing activities

(1,301.98)

(2,067.44)

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalent

16.39

(27.60)

Cash & Cash equivalents at the beginning of the year

93.00

120.60

Cash & Cash equivalents at the end of the year

109.39

93.00

-

-

On Current Accounts

43.06

93.00

On Deposit Accounts (Original Maturity less than 3 months)

66.33

-

Total Cash & Cash equivalents at the end of the year

109.39

93.00

-

-

Particulars
CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Acquisition of tangible and intangible assets and towards capital work in progress (net of
sale proceeds)

Interest received

CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Amount paid on Demerger expenses pursuant to the scheme of arrangement
(Repayment)/Proceeds from borrowings (current)

Details of the Cash and Cash Equivalents (Note no. 2.82.2)
Cash in hand

Restricted Cash Balance
For and on behalf of the Board

(DILIP KUMAR MOHANTY)
(AMITAVA MUKHERJEE)
Director (Production)
Chairman-Cum-Managing Director (Additional Charge),
DIN: 09296720
Director (Finance)
DIN: 08265207
(AS PARDHA SARADHI)
ED & Company Secretary
Place: Hyderabad
Dated: 27th May 2024

328

As per separate report of even dated attached
For M/s Varma & Varma,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Regn No: 004532S
(P R PRASANNA VARMA)
Partner
Membership No: 025854

[p.333]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

NOTES

TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONSOLIDATED)
Note: 1 Company Information and Material Accounting
Policy Information
1.1

(c)

(d)

1.2

Principles of Consolidation
The consolidated Financial Statements have been
prepared on the following basis:
The consolidated financial statements
are prepared to the extent possible by
using uniform accounting policies for like
transactions and other events in similar
circumstances and are presented in the same
manner as the Company’s separate financial
statements except as otherwise stated.

Statement of compliance

ii)

The financial statements of the Company and
its subsidiary companies are combined on
a line-by-line basis by adding together the
book values of like items of assets, liabilities,
income and expenses, after fully eliminating
intra-group balances and intra-group
transactions resulting in unrealized profits
or losses as specified in Indian Accounting
Standard 110 – “Consolidated Financial
Statements”.

iii)

Investments in Associates/Joint Ventures
are accounted for, using equity method
as per Indian Accounting Standard 28
– “Investments in Associates and Joint
Ventures”

iv)

The difference between the cost of
investment in the subsidiaries, joint ventures,
and associates and the Company’s share
of net assets at the time of acquisition of
shares in the subsidiaries, joint ventures

The consolidated financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting
Standards (“Ind AS”) notified under the Companies
(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as
amended and other relevant provisions of the Act.
(b)

Basis of measurement
The consolidated financial statements have been
prepared on a historical cost convention and on
an accrual basis, except for the following material
items that have been measured at fair value as
required by relevant Ind AS:
i)

Certain financial assets and liabilities
measured at fair value (refer accounting
policy on financial instruments);

ii)

Defined benefit and other long-term
employee benefits.

329

Financial Statements

i)

Basis of preparation and Material Accounting
Policy information:

1.2.1 Basis of preparation
(a)

(e)

Statutory Reports

The preparation of consolidated financial
statements in conformity with Ind AS requires
management to make judgments, estimates
and assumptions that affect the application of
accounting policies and the reported amounts of
assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual
results may differ from these estimates. Estimates
and underlying assumptions are reviewed on a
periodic basis. Revisions to accounting estimates
are recognized in the period in which the estimates
are revised [and in any future periods affected.

These consolidated financial statements comprise
the financial statements of the Company, its
Subsidiaries and Company’s interest in the Joint
Ventures & Associates. Company is having Four
Subsidiaries, Three Joint Ventures and Three
Associates.
The Consolidated financial statements for the year
ended 31st March 2024, were approved for issue
by the Board of directors of the company on 27th
May 2024 and Shri. Amitava Mukherji, Chairman
cum Managing Director (Additional charge) /
Director (Finance) is hereby authorized to amend
the Financial Statements for the changes, if any,
arising out of C&AG Audit.

Use of estimates and judgement

Corporate Overview

The consolidated financial statements are
presented in Indian rupees, which is the functional
currency of the Company and the currency of the
primary economic environment in which the entity
operates. All financial information presented in
Indian rupees has been rounded to the nearest
crore except share and per share data.

Company Information:
NMDC Limited (the company) is a Navaratna
Public Sector Enterprise under the Ministry of
Steel, Government of India and single largest
producer of iron ore in India. It owns and operates
highly mechanized iron ore mines in the state of
Chhattisgarh and Karnataka and has its registered
office at Hyderabad, Telangana. It also operates
the only mechanized diamond mine in India at
Panna, Madhya Pradesh. NMDC has its own R&D
Centre at Hyderabad which is recognized as a
Centre of Excellence by UNIDO.

Functional and presentation currency

[p.334]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
and associates is recognized in the financial
statements as Goodwill or Capital Reserve as
the case may be.
v)

Non controlling interest in net profit/loss of
the subsidiaries for the year is identified and
adjusted against the income of the group in
order to arrive at the net income attributable
to the shareholders of the company

vi)

Non controlling interest in the net assets of
consolidated subsidiaries is identified and
presented in the consolidated balance sheet
separately from liabilities and equity of the
Company’s shareholders.

The classification of financial instruments depends
on the objective of the business model for which it
is held. Management determines the classification
of its financial instruments at initial recognition.
Financial instrument is derecognized only when
the company has transferred its right to receive/
extinguish its obligation to pay cash flow from such
financial instruments.
a)

Financial assets at amortized cost
A financial asset shall be measured at amortized
cost if both of the following conditions are met:

1.2.2 Material Accounting Policy information:
i.

Non-derivative financial assets

•

the financial asset is held within a business
model whose objective is to hold financial
assets in order to collect contractual cash
flows and

•

the contractual terms of the financial asset
give rise on specified dates to cash flows that
are solely payments of principal and interest
on the principal amount outstanding

Foreign currency transactions and balances
Transactions in foreign currency are translated
into the respective functional currencies using
the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of
the respective transactions. Foreign exchange
gains and losses resulting from the settlement
of such transactions and from the translation at
the exchange rates prevailing at reporting date
of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in
foreign currencies are recognized in the statement
of profit and loss and reported within foreign
exchange gains/ (losses).

They are presented as current assets, except for
those maturing later than 12 months after the
reporting date which are presented as non-current
assets. Financial assets are measured initially at
fair value plus transaction costs and subsequently
carried at amortized cost using the effective
interest method, less any impairment loss.

Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated
in a foreign currency and measured at historical
cost are translated at the exchange rate prevalent
at the date of transaction.
ii.

Amortized cost is represented by security
deposits, cash and cash equivalents, employee
and other advances and eligible current and noncurrent assets.

Investment in Subsidiaries, Joint Venture and
Associates

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand,
in banks and short term demand deposits with
banks with original maturity period of three months
or less which can be withdrawn at any time
without prior notice or penalty on the principal.

Investment in Subsidiaries, Joint Ventures and
Associates are measured at cost. Dividend income
is recognised when its right to receive the dividend
is established”.
iii.

Financial instruments
All financial instruments are recognized initially at
fair value. Transaction costs that are attributable
to the acquisition of the financial asset (other
than financial assets recorded at fair value
through profit or loss) are included in the fair
value of the financial assets. Purchase or sales
of financial assets that require delivery of assets
within a time frame established by regulation or
convention in the market place (regular way trade)
are recognized on trade date. While, loans and
borrowings and payable are recognized net of
directly attributable transactions costs.
For the purpose of subsequent measurement,
financial instruments of the Company are classified
in the following categories: non-derivative financial
assets comprising amortized cost; non derivative
financial liabilities at amortized cost.

330

For the purposes of the cash flow statement,
cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand,
in banks and demand deposits with banks, net of
outstanding bank overdrafts that are repayable on
demand and are considered part of the Company’s
cash management system.
b)

Non-derivative financial liabilities
Financial liabilities at amortized cost
Financial liabilities at amortized cost represented
by trade and other payables are initially recognized
at fair value, and subsequently carried at
amortized cost using the effective interest method.

iv.

Property, Plant and Equipment

a)

Recognition and measurement:
Normally Property, Plant and Equipment are
measured at cost less accumulated depreciation

[p.335]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
and impairment losses, if any. Cost includes
expenditures directly attributable to the acquisition
of the asset. The Company has elected to apply
the optional exemption to use the previous GAAP
value as deemed cost at 1 April 2015, the date of
transition.
Spare parts, stand by equipment and service
equipment meeting the definition of PPE and
having value of more than ₹ 20 lakh in each case,
are capitalized as and when available for use.

Any costs directly attributable to acquisition/
construction of property, plant and equipment till it
is brought to the location and condition necessary
for it to be capable of operating in the manner as
intended by the management form part of capital
work-in-progress.
c)

b)

Intangible assets are stated at cost less
accumulated amortization and impairment.
Intangible assets are amortized over their
respective estimated useful lives on a straightline basis, from the date that they are available
for use. The estimated useful life of an identifiable
intangible asset is based on a number of
factors including the effects of obsolescence,
demand, competition and other economic
factors (such as the stability of the industry and
known technological advances) and the level of
maintenance expenditures required to obtain the
expected future cash flows from the asset.
Mining rights are accounted as Intangible assets
and amortised over the period of life of the mining
lease.
vi.

Inventory

a)

Raw materials, Stores and spares (including
loose tools and implements), work in process and
finished products are valued at lower of cost and
net realizable value of the respective units.

b)

The basis of determining the cost is
Raw materials

Weighted average cost

Capital Work-in-Progress:

Stores and spares Weighted average cost

Assets in the course of construction are included
under capital work in progress and are carried
at cost less any recognized impairment loss.
Such capital work in progress, on completion,
is transferred to the appropriate category of
property, plant and equipment.

Stores in Transit

At cost

Work in process
and finished
goods

Material cost plus
appropriate share of labour,
related overheads and levies.

Expenses for assessment of new potential projects
incurred till investment decisions are charged
to revenue. Expenditure incurred for projects
after investment decisions are accounted for
under capital work in progress and capitalized
subsequently.

c)

In case of identified Obsolete/Surplus/Non-moving
items necessary provision is made and charged to
revenue.

d)

Stationery, Medical, Canteen, School Stores,
Cotton Waste, Hospital Stores and Lab stores
(excluding for R & D Lab) charged off to Revenue
on procurement.

331

Financial Statements

Fixed Assets costing ₹ 5,000 or less are fully
depreciated in the year of purchase.

Intangible assets

Statutory Reports

When parts of an item of property, plant and
equipment have different useful lives, they
are accounted for as separate items (major
components) of property, plant and equipment.
Subsequent expenditure relating to property,
plant and equipment is capitalized only when it is
probable that future economic benefits associated
with these will flow to the Company and the cost
of the item can be measured reliably. Repairs and
maintenance costs are recognized in the statement
of profit and loss when incurred. The cost and
related accumulated depreciation are eliminated
from the consolidated financial statements upon
sale or disposition of the asset and the resultant
gains or losses are recognized in the statement of
profit and loss.

v.

Corporate Overview

Expenditure incurred on any facility, the ownership
of which is not vested with the company, but
the incurrence of which is essential in bringing
an asset/projects of NMDC to the location and
condition necessary to be capable of operating in
the manner intended by the management, shall be
capitalized as a part of the overall cost of the said
asset/project. Else the same shall be charged to
revenue.

Depreciation:
Normally the Company depreciates property,
plant and equipment over the estimated useful
life of the assets as prescribed in Schedule II of
the Companies Act 2013 on a straight-line basis.
Depreciation is charged on pro-rata basis on
additions / disposals of assets during the year.
Wherever the useful life is determined by technical
assessment for certain assets, such assets are
depreciated as per their assessed life. Assets
acquired under finance lease and leasehold
improvements are amortized over the lower of
estimated useful life and related term. Depreciation
methods, useful lives and residual values are
reviewed at each reporting date.

Treatment of expenditure incurred on Assets not
owned by the Company

[p.336]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
e)

No credit is taken in respect of stock of run of mine
ore, embedded ore, Iron ore slimes.

vii.

Impairment

a)

Financial assets

income/expense in the statement of profit and
loss. The balance sheet presentation for various
financial instruments is described below:
Financial assets measured at amortised cost,
contractual revenue receivable: ECL is presented
as an allowance, i.e. as an integral part of the
measurement of those assets in the balance sheet.
The allowance reduces the net carrying amount.
Untill the asset meets write off criteria, the
Company does not reduce impairment allowance
from the gross carrying amount.

In accordance with Ind AS 109, the Company
applies expected credit loss (ECL) model for
measurement and recognition of impairment loss.
The Company follows ‘simplified approach’ for
recognition of impairment loss allowance on trade
receivables.
The application of simplified approach does
not require the Company to track changes in
credit risk. Rather, it recognises impairment loss
allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting
date, right from its initial recognition

b)

The Company assesses at each reporting date
whether there is any objective evidence that a
non financial asset or a group of non financial
assets is impaired. If any such indication exists,
the Company estimates the amount of impairment
loss.

For recognition of impairment loss on other
financial assets and risk exposure, the Company
determines that whether there has been a
significant increase in the credit risk since initial
recognition. If credit risk has not increased
significantly, 12-month ECL is used to provide
for impairment loss. However, if credit risk has
increased significantly, lifetime ECL is used. If in
subsequent period, credit quality of the instrument
improves such that there is no longer a significant
increase in credit risk since initial recognition, then
the entity reverts to recognising impairment loss
allowance based on 12 month ECL

An impairment loss is calculated as the difference
between an asset’s carrying amount and
recoverable amount. Losses are recognised
in profit or loss and reflected in an allowance
account. When the Company considers that there
are no realistic prospects of recovery of the asset,
the relevant amounts are written off. If the amount
of impairment loss subsequently decreases and
the decrease can be related objectively to an event
occurring after the impairment was recognised,
then the previously recognised impairment loss is
reversed through profit or loss.

Lifetime ECLs are the expected credit losses
resulting from all possible default events over
the expected life of a financial instrument. The 12
month ECL is a portion of the lifetime ECL which
results from default events that are possible within
12 months after the reporting date

The recoverable amount of an asset or cashgenerating unit (as defined below) is the greater
of its value in use and its fair value less costs to
sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated future
cash flows are discounted to their present value
using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current
market assessments of the time value of money
and the risks specific to the asset. For the purpose
of impairment testing, assets are grouped together
into the smallest group of assets that generates
cash inflows from continuing use that are largely
independent of the cash inflows of other assets or
groups of assets (the “cash-generating unit”).

ECL is the difference between all contractual cash
flows that are due to the Company in accordance
with the contract and all the cash flows that
the entity expects to receive (i.e. all shortfalls),
discounted at the original EIR. When estimating the
cash flows, an entity is required to consider:
i)

ii)

All contractual terms of the financial
instrument (including prepayment, extension
etc.) over the expected life of the financial
instrument. However, in rare cases when
the expected life of the financial instrument
cannot be estimated reliably, then the entity
is required to use the remaining contractual
term of the financial instrument.
Cash flows from the sale of collateral held or
other credit enhancements that are integral
to the contractual terms.

ECL impairment loss allowance (or reversal)
recognised during the period is recognised as

332

Non-financial assets

viii. Employee benefits
a)

Payments under Employees’ Family Benefit
Scheme
Under the NMDC Employees’ family benefit
scheme, monthly payments are made till the
normal date of retirement to the family members of
those employees who are discharged from service
due to medical reasons or death, on deposit of the
amount envisaged in the scheme, and liability for
the payments are accounted for on the basis of
actuarial valuation and the amount is administered
by a separate Trust.

[p.337]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
b)

The amount recognized as a provision is the
best estimate of the consideration required to
settle the present obligation at the end of the
reporting period, taking into account the risks and
uncertainties surrounding the obligation.

Gratuity & Provident fund
Gratuity payable to eligible employees is
administered by a separate Trust. Payments to the
trust towards contributions and other demands are
made on the basis of actuarial valuation.

c)

Provisions for onerous contracts are recognized
when the expected benefits to be derived by
the Company from a contract are lower than
the unavoidable costs of meeting the future
obligations under the contract. Provisions for
onerous contracts are measured at the present
value of lower of the expected net cost of fulfilling
the contract and the expected cost of terminating
the contract.

Pension Fund
Defined contributions to NMDC Employees’
Contributory Pension Scheme are made on accrual
basis at a rate as approved from time to time to a
fund which is administered by a separate Trust.

d)

Accrued Leave Salary
Liability towards Accrued Leave Salary, as at
the end of the year is recognized on the basis of
actuarial valuation and the amount is administered
by a separate trust.
Other Benefits
Liability towards Long Service Award, Settlement
Allowance and Post Retirement Medical Facilities
to employees as at the end of the year is
recognized on the basis of actuarial valuation.
Such amounts towards Settlement Allowance and
Post Retirement Medical Benefits are administered
by a separate trust.

Re-measurements comprising actuarial gains
or losses and return on plan assets (excluding
amounts included in net interest on the net defined
benefit liability) are not reclassified to profit or loss
in subsequent periods.
ix.

Provisions & Contingent Liability:
All the provisions are recognized as per Ind AS
37. Provisions (including mine closure) are
recognized when the Company has a present
obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of
a past event, it is probable that an outflow of
economic benefits will be required to settle the
obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of
the amount of the obligation.

Revenue recognition
Revenue from contracts with customers is
recognized when control of the goods or services
is transferred to the customer at an amount that
reflects the consideration to which the Company
expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods
or services.
If the consideration in a contract includes a
variable amount, the Company estimates the
amount of consideration to which it will be entitled
in exchange for transferring the goods to the
customer. The variable consideration is estimated
at contract inception and constrained until it is
highly probable that a significant revenue reversal
in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised
will not occur when the associated uncertainty
with the variable consideration is subsequently
resolved.
All revenue from sale of goods is recognised at
a point in time. Revenue from wind power and
services is recognised over time.
The timing of transfer of control in case of sale of
goods varies depending upon individual transfer
terms of the contract.
Export sales: In Export sales control passes to the
customer on the date of Bill of Lading.

333

Financial Statements

Actuarial gains or losses are recognized in other
comprehensive income. Further, the profit or
loss does not include an expected return on plan
assets. Instead, net interest recognized in profit
or loss is calculated by applying the discount rate
used to measure the defined benefit obligation
to the net defined benefit liability or asset. The
actual return on the plan assets above or below
the discount rate is recognized as part of remeasurement of net defined liability or asset
through other comprehensive income.

x.

Statutory Reports

e)

Contingent liabilities are possible obligations that
arises from past events, the existence of which
would be confirmed only by the occurrence
or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain
future events not wholly within the control of
the company or a present obligation for which
payment is not probable or the amount cannot
be measured reliably. These are disclosed in the
financial statements unless the possibility of any
outflow in settlement is remote.

Corporate Overview

When some or all of the economic benefits
required to settle a provision are expected to be
recovered from a third party, the receivable is
recognized as an asset, if it is virtually certain that
reimbursement will be received and the amount of
the receivable can be measured reliably.

The company’s contribution to the provident fund
is remitted to a separate trust based on a fixed
percentage of the eligible employees’ salary.
Further, the company makes good the shortfall,
if any, between the return from investments of
trust and the notified rate of interest on actuarial
valuation basis.

[p.338]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Domestic sales: Control passes to the customer
on the date of delivery which is generally the
forwarding note (rail dispatches)/ lorry receipt/
delivery challan. However, in case of spot auction
under electronic mode, control passes to the
customer on conclusion of the auction and receipt
of money.
Obsolete stores & scrap: Control passes to the
customer on the date of realisation.

xii.

Tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income
tax expense is recognized in the statement of
profit and loss except to the extent it relates to
items directly recognized in equity or in other
comprehensive income.
a)

A contract asset is the right to consideration in
exchange for goods or services transferred to the
customer. If the Company performs by transferring
goods or services to a customer before the
customer pays consideration or before payment is
due, a contract asset is recognised for the earned
consideration that is conditional.
Trade receivables

Contract liability
A contract liability is the obligation to transfer
goods or services to a customer for which
the Company has received consideration (or
an amount of consideration is due) from the
customer. If a customer pays consideration before
the Company transfers goods or services to
the customer, a contract liability is recognised
when the payment is made or the payment is
due (whichever is earlier). Contract liabilities
are recognised as revenue when the Company
performs under the contract.
xi.

Finance income and expense
Finance income consists of interest income on
funds invested, dividend income and gains on
the disposal of Fair value through profit and
loss account financial assets. Interest income is
recognized as it accrues in the statement of profit
and loss, using the effective interest method.
Dividend income is recognized in the statement of
profit and loss on the date the Company’s right to
receive payment is established.
Finance expenses consist of interest expense
on loans and borrowings. Borrowing costs are
recognized in the statement of profit and loss
using the effective interest method.
Foreign currency gains and losses are reported on
a net basis. This includes changes in the fair value
of foreign exchange derivative instruments, which
are accounted at fair value through profit or loss.

334

Current income tax
Current income tax for the current and prior
periods are measured at the amount expected
to be recovered from or paid to the taxation
authorities based on the taxable income for
the period. The tax rates and tax laws used to
compute the current tax amount are those that are
enacted or substantively enacted by the reporting
date and applicable for the period. The Company
offsets current tax assets and current tax liabilities,
where it has a legally enforceable right to set off
the recognized amounts and where it intends
either to settle on a net basis or to realize the
asset and liability simultaneously.

Contract asset:

A receivable represents the Company’s right to
an amount of consideration that is unconditional
(i.e., only the passage of time is required before
payment of the consideration is due).

Income tax

b)

Deferred income tax
Deferred income tax is recognized using the
balance sheet approach. Deferred income tax
assets and liabilities are recognized for deductible
and taxable temporary differences arising between
the tax base of assets and liabilities and their
carrying amount in financial statements, except
when the deferred income tax arises from the
initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability
in a transaction that is not a business combination
and affects neither accounting nor taxable profits
or loss at the time of the transaction. Deferred
income tax asset are recognized to the extent
that it is probable that taxable profit will be
available against which the deductible temporary
differences, and the carry forward of unused tax
credits and unused tax losses can be utilized.
Deferred income tax liabilities are recognized for
all taxable temporary differences. The carrying
amount of deferred income tax assets is reviewed
at each reporting date and reduced to the extent
that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable
profit will be available to allow all or part of the
deferred income tax asset to be utilized. Deferred
income tax assets and liabilities are measured
at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the
period when the asset is realized or the liability
is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that
have been enacted or substantively enacted at the
reporting date.

xiii. Earnings per share (EPS)
Basic earnings per share is computed using
the weighted average number of equity shares
outstanding during the year.

[p.339]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.

xiv. Borrowing costs
Borrowings costs directly attributable to
acquisition or construction of an asset that
necessarily takes a substantial period of time
to get ready for its intended use or sale are
capitalised as part of the cost of the asset. All
other borrowing costs are expensed in the period
in which it occur. Borrowing costs consists of
interest and other costs that an entity incurs in
connection with the borrowing of funds.
Government grants

Grant related to income are presented as part
of profit or loss, as a deduction to the related
expenses.
xvi. Lease
a.

Lease liability is initially recognised and
measured at an amount equal to the present
value of minimum lease payments during the

Right of use asset is recognised and
measured at cost, consisting of initial
measurement of lease liability plus any lease
payments made to the lessor at or before
the commencement date less any lease
incentives received, initial estimate of the
restoration costs and any initial direct costs
incurred by the lessee.

c.

The lease liability is measured in subsequent
periods using the effective interest
rate method. The right-of-use asset is
depreciated over the lease term.

d.

Low Value leases up to ₹ 20 lakhs p.a. per
lease and Short term leases of 12 months or
less are fully charged to expense.

xvii. Exploration and Evaluation
Exploration and evaluation expenditure comprise
costs that are directly attributable to:
-

researching and analysing existing
exploration data;

-

conducting geological studies, exploratory
drilling and sampling;

-

examining and testing extraction and
treatment methods; and/or

-

compiling pre-feasibility and feasibility
studies.

Exploration expenditure relates to the initial search
for deposits with economic potential. Evaluation
expenditure relates to a detailed assessment
of deposits or other projects that have been
identified as having economic potential.
All evaluation and exploration expenses till high
degree of confidence is achieved are expensed.
Evaluation expenditure are capitalised as Intangible
assets when there is a high degree of confidence
that the Company will determine that a project is
commercially viable, that is the project will provide
a satisfactory return relative to its perceived risks,
and therefore it is considered probable that future
economic benefits will flow to the Company.
The carrying values of capitalized evaluation
expenditure are reviewed for impairment every
year by management.
In respect of legacy Iron Ore Ltd:
Mineral tenements are carried at cost less
accumulated impairment loss. Mineral exploration
and evaluation cost is accumulated in respect
of each identifiable area of interest. These
costs are only carried forward to the extent that
they are expected to be recouped through the
successful development of the area of interest
or sale of that area of interest, or exploration and

335

Financial Statements

Grants from the government are recognised when
there is reasonable assurance that:(i) the Company
will comply with the conditions attached to them;
and (ii) the grant will be received. Government
grants related to revenue are recognised on a
systematic basis in the statement of profit and
loss over the periods necessary to match them
with the related costs which they are intended
to compensate. Such grants are deducted in
reporting the related expense. When the grant
relates to an asset, it is recognized as income over
the expected useful life of the asset. Where the
Company receives non-monetary grants, the asset
is accounted for on the basis of its acquisition
cost. In case a non-monetary asset is given free
of cost it is recognised at a fair value. When loan
or similar assistance are provided by government
or related institutions, with an interest rate below
the current applicable market rate, the effect of
this favorable interest is recognized as government
grant. The loan or assistance is initially recognized
and measured at fair value and the government
grant is measured as the difference between the
initial carrying value of the loan and the proceeds
received.

b.

Statutory Reports

xv.

lease term that are not yet paid.

Corporate Overview

Diluted EPS is computed by dividing the net
profit after tax by the weighted average number
of equity shares considered for deriving basic
EPS and also weighted average number of
equity shares that could have been issued upon
conversion of all dilutive potential equity shares.
Dilutive potential equity shares are deemed
converted as of the beginning of the year, unless
issued at a later date. Dilutive potential equity
shares are determined independently for each
year presented. The number of equity shares and
potentially dilutive equity shares are adjusted for
bonus shares, as appropriate.

[p.340]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
evaluation activities have not reached a stage of
that area of interest or exploration and evaluation
activities have not reached a stage which permits
a reasonable assessment of the existence or
otherwise of economically recoverable reserves
and active or significant operations on or in relation
to, the area of interest are continuing.
Accumulated costs in relation to an abandoned
area of interest are written off in full against profit
in the year in which the decision to abandon that
area is made. A regular review is undertaken
of each area of interest to determine the
appropriateness of continuing to carry forward
costs in relation to that area of interest.

During the Production phase, the stripping activity
cost is charged to revenue to the extent the
benefit from the stripping activity is realized in the
form of inventory produced.

b)

The component of the ore body for which
access has been improved can be identified
and

c)

The costs relating to the stripping activity
associated with the improved access can be
reliably measured.

The “Stripping Activity Asset” is subsequently
depreciated on a unit of production basis over the
life of the identified component of the ore body
that become more accessible as a result of the
stripping activity and is then stated at cost less
accumulated depreciation and impairment loss, if
any.

Development stripping cost:

Production stripping cost:

It is probable that the future economic
benefits associated with the stripping activity
will be realized

To the extent the current period stripping ratio
exceeds the planned stripping ratio as per mine
plan, shall be considered as “Stripping Activity
Asset’

xviii. Stripping cost
Overburden and other mine waste material
removed during the initial development of a mine in
order to access mineral deposit are capitalized as
Intangible Asset. Amortization of the same is done
based on the life estimated by the management.

a)

xix. Prepaid Expenses
Expenses are accounted under prepaid expenses
only when the amount relating to the unexpired
period exceeds rupees Two crore in each case.
xx.

To the extent the benefit is improved access to
ore, the entity shall recognise these costs as a
non-current asset ie Stripping Activity Asset, if and
only if all the following conditions are met:

Restatement of earliest prior period financials on
material error/omissions
The value of error and omissions is construed to
be material for restating the opening balances of
assets and liabilities and equity for the earliest
prior period presented if the amount in each case
of earlier period income/expenses exceeds 1.00%
of the previous year turnover of the company.

For and on behalf of the Board

Subject to our Report of even date:
For M/s. Varma & Varma
Chartered Accountants
FRN No. 004532S

(DILIP KUMAR MOHANTY)
Director Production
DIN : 09296720

Place : Hyderabad
Date : 27th May 2024

336

(AMITAVA MUKHERJEE)
Chairman-Cum-Managing
Director (Additional Charge),
Director (Finance)
DIN: 08265207
(A S PARDHA SARADHI)
Company Secretary

(CA P R PRASANNA VARMA)
Partner
Membership No: 025854

[p.341]
Previous Year
2022-23

3,944.17

3,479.20

39.94

- Sanitary &
Water supply

TOTAL (A)

283.20

11.18

- Locomotives

- Elec.
Installations

2.06

34.34

- Railway siding

18.14

- Dams,Wells &
Pools

- Adit & Tunnel

141.01

-

- Roads,Bridges
& culverts parks

Others

100.32

51.36

Vehicles

Office Equipment

19.62

751.62

1,383.95

Furniture &
Fittings

Heavy Mobile
Equipment

Plant & Machinery

427.83

15.56

Lease hold

Buildings

199.07

Free hold

Land:

A. GENERAL:

AS AT
1st April
2023

-

253.27

380.11

10.66

16.36

-

-

-

-

25.03

-

49.67

7.95

3.04

126.62

106.97

33.81

-

-

(718.11)

(97.63)

-

(0.37)

-

-

-

(0.37)

-

-

(7.15)

(6.27)

(0.05)

(44.78)

(37.82)

-

(0.82)

DED /
ADJ
DURING
THE
YEAR

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

0.01

TRANSFER
TO /
FROM

Financial Statements

ASSETS

ADDITIONS
DURING
THE
YEAR

-

(0.13)

(45.36)

-

(0.85)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(45.36)

0.85

INTERNAL
TRANSFER

3,479.20

3,716.33

50.60

298.34

11.18

34.34

2.06

17.77

166.04

142.85

53.04

22.62

833.46

1,453.10

416.28

15.59

199.07

AS AT
31st
March
2024

1,228.28

1,419.53

9.29

146.22

5.02

24.30

0.12

6.45

114.34

-

70.31

27.88

12.81

428.37

473.58

86.44

14.34

0.06

UP TO
1st April
2023

-

252.50

261.85

3.48

24.07

0.74

2.45

0.03

0.97

6.07

-

17.23

6.01

1.87

76.39

105.97

16.43

0.14

FOR
THE
YEAR

Statutory Reports

GROSS BLOCK

-

-

(2.81)

(2.72)

(0.03)

(0.13)

-

-

-

(0.51)

(0.13)

-

(0.26)

(0.09)

(0.07)

(0.21)

(1.13)

(0.16)

Asset
Impairment /
(Reversal of
Impairment)

(58.42)

(95.75)

-

(0.37)

-

-

-

-

-

-

(6.70)

(5.89)

(0.04)

(44.78)

(37.82)

(0.02)

(0.12)

-

DEDUCTIONS /
ADJUSTMENTS

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

0.01

TRANSFER
TO /
FROM

DEPRECIATION BLOCK

12.74

169.14

5.76

26.75

0.15

6.91

120.28

80.58

27.91

14.57

459.77

540.60

99.96

15.01

0.06

UP TO
31st
March
2024

(0.03)

1,419.53

-2.73 1,580.18

-

(0.65)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(2.73)

0.65

-

INTERNAL
TRANSFER

Corporate Overview

Note - 2.1.1 : PROPERTY, PLANT & EQUIPMENT

30.65

136.98

6.16

10.04

1.94

11.69

26.67

30.01

23.48

6.81

323.25

910.37

341.39

1.22

199.01

AS AT
31st
March
2023

2,059.67

2,715.83

2,136.15 2,059.68

37.86

129.20

5.42

7.59

1.91

10.86

45.76

62.27

25.13

8.05

373.69

912.50

316.32

0.58

199.01

AS AT
31st
March
2024

NET BLOCK

(INR in Crore)

NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Notes to CFS - contd.

337

[p.342]
338

3.03

Vehicles

369.53

3,873.74

4,313.70

Previous Year
2022-23

GRAND TOTAL
(A+B)

Previous Year
2022-23

-

- Cess Fund
Other Assets

394.54

7.58

- Sanitary &
Water supply

TOTAL (B)

11.27

1.01

- Dams,Wells &
Pools

- Elec.
Installations

6.66

- Cess fund
quarters

-

8.99

- Roads,Bridges
& culverts parks

Others

36.40

18.24

Furniture &
Fittings

Office Equipment

6.65

284.07

-

10.64

AS AT
1st April
2023

Plant & Machinery

Buildings

Lease hold

Free hold

Land:

B. SOCIAL
AMENITIES:

ASSETS

-

-

283.12

415.31

29.85

35.20

-

0.17

1.07

0.58

-

0.32

-

7.88

0.54

4.10

9.03

11.51

ADDITIONS
DURING
THE
YEAR

-

-

-

-

(723.08)

(100.64)

(4.97)

(3.01)

-

-

(0.03)

-

-

-

-

(1.85)

(0.16)

(0.97)

DED /
ADJ
DURING
THE
YEAR

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(0.01)

TRANSFER
TO /
FROM

GROSS BLOCK

-

(44.41)

0.13

0.95

-

-

-

-

(0.09)

-

-

-

-

-

0.09

-

-

0.95

INTERNAL
TRANSFER

3,873.74

4,144.01

394.54

427.68

-

7.75

12.31

1.59

6.57

9.31

42.43

3.41

21.37

15.77

295.58

11.59

AS AT
31st
March
2024

-

-

1,289.09

1,492.44

60.81

72.91

-

2.41

4.01

0.50

1.30

5.02

-

14.94

1.38

5.06

1.28

37.01

UP TO
1st April
2023

-

-

267.56

278.83

15.06

16.98

-

0.26

1.07

0.25

0.14

0.53

-

5.77

0.39

2.21

0.44

5.92

FOR
THE
YEAR

-

-

(2.81)

(4.78)

-

(2.06)

-

(0.29)

(0.03)

-

-

(0.02)

-

(0.22)

(0.04)

(0.01)

-

(1.45)

Asset
Impairment /
(Reversal of
Impairment)

(61.40)

(97.63)

(2.98)

(1.88)

-

-

(0.02)

-

-

-

-

(1.41)

(0.14)

(0.31)

-

-

-

-

DEDUCTIONS /
ADJUSTMENTS

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(0.01)

TRANSFER
TO /
FROM

DEPRECIATION BLOCK

-

1,666.13

72.91

85.95

-

2.38

5.03

0.75

1.44

5.53

19.08

1.59

6.95

1.72

41.48

UP TO
31st
March
2024

- 1,492.44

(2.73)

0.03

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

INTERNAL
TRANSFER

2,381.30

2,477.88

321.63

341.73

-

5.37

7.28

0.84

5.13

3.78

23.35

1.82

14.42

14.05

254.10

-

11.59

AS AT
31st
March
2024

3,024.61

2,381.31

308.72

321.63

5.17

7.26

0.51

5.36

3.97

21.46

1.65

13.18

5.37

247.06

10.64

AS AT
31st
March
2023

NET BLOCK

NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Notes to CFS - contd.

[p.343]
12.81

Previous Year 2022-23

Financial Statements

0.56

(0.02)

13.35

12.81

Previous Year 2022-23

44.41

53.90

(6.74)

4.55

5.91

-

4.55

5.91

0.47

0.40

0.26

-

-

-

3.38

1.40

UP TO
1st April
2023

Statutory Reports

2.88

-

-

13.35

53.90

2.63

1.19

-

1.52

4.62

38.39

-

5.55

AS AT
31st
March
2024

13.35

-

-

-

44.41

-

-

-

3.02

3.02

38.37

-

-

INTERNAL
TRANSFER

GRAND TOTAL (A+B)

-

-

(0.02)

(6.74)

-

-

(0.26)

(1.50)

1.60

0.02

(7.41)

0.81

DED /
ADJ
DURING
THE
YEAR

-

-

TOTAL (B)

-

0.56

2.88

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

2.88

ADDITIONS
DURING
THE
YEAR

Previous Year Figures

-

Buildings

B. SOCIAL AMENITIES:

13.35

2.63

Ranchi-Office Building_JSFC
ROU Capitalisation

TOTAL (A)

1.19

REGIONAL OFFICE - Vizag

-

TYPE-IV, TOWER-9, FLAT-E13 KIDWAI - DELHI
0.26

-

TYPE-V, TOWER-19, FLATA6&B6-KIDWAI-DELHI

Delhi - KG Marg Surya Kiran
Building

-

7.41

1.86

5TH & 6TH FLOOR, PLATE-C,
OFF BLOCK-II -KIDWAI-DELHI

Delhi - PTI- Building

Buildings

Land

A. GENERAL:

DESCRIPTION

AS AT
1st
April
2023

GROSS BLOCK

1.40

6.77

-

1.40

6.77

0.26

0.04

-

0.01

0.51

4.87

0.57

0.51

FOR
THE
YEAR

(0.04)

(4.11)

-

(0.04)

(4.11)

-

-

(0.26)

-

-

-

(3.95)

0.10

DEDUCTIONS /
ADJUSTMENTS

2.73

2.73

-

-

-

0.19

0.18

2.36

-

-

INTERNAL
TRANSFER

DEPRECIATION BLOCK

Corporate Overview

Note 2.1.2 : RIGHT-OF USE ASSETS

5.91

11.30

-

-

-

5.91

11.30

0.73

0.44

-

0.20

0.69

7.23

(0.00)

2.01

UP TO
31st
March
2024

7.44

42.61

-

-

-

7.44

42.61

1.90

0.75

-

1.32

3.93

31.16

0.00

3.54

AS AT
31st
March
2024

8.27

7.44

-

8.27

7.44

2.16

0.79

-

-

-

-

4.03

0.46

AS AT
31st
March
2023

NET BLOCK

(INR in Crore)

NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Notes to CFS - contd.

339

[p.344]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Additional notes to 2.1,1, 2.3 and 2.4 : PPE (Property Plant and Equipment) , Intangible Assets and Intangible
Assets under Development.
1.

Lease hold land measuring 3021.35 sq.mtrs. (previous year 3021.35 sq.mtrs.) is taken from Vizag Port Trust
Authorities for construction of Regional Office building for a period of 30 years i.e. up to 01.01.2044. Action is on
hand to execute the lease deed.

2.

Formal agreements / Transfer deeds remain to be executed in respect of the following:

3.

(a)

Renewal of Mining Leases at Deposit 10 (Float Ore).

(b)

Lease deeds in respect of parts of land for township at Bacheli Complex, Kirandul Complex and Panna
Project.

(c)

Mining lease to the extent of 33.58 hectares (Mining area) and 19.42 hectares (Plant area) of Silica Sand
Plant near Lalapur (Allahabad).

(d)

Provisional allotment letters were issued for the land allotted by M/s APIIC at Industrial park, Paloncha to
the extent of 13.43 acres. However, on physical survey found only 11.35 acres of land. No effect is given in
books, pending confirmation from M/s APIIC.

Reconciliation of Depreciation and Amortisation as per Statement of Profit and Loss:
Rs. In crore
Note no

Particulars

2023-24

2022-23

2.1

Depreciation on PPE

278.83

267.56

2.1

(Reversal)/ Impairment of PPE

(-)4.79

(-)2.81

2.3

Amortisation of Intangible Assets

74.97

68.37

2.3

(Reversal)/Impairment of Intangible Assets

(-)1.13

-

2.1.2

Amortisation of ROU Assets

6.77

1.40

2.2

Impairment of CWIP

(-)2.84

1.92

Total

351.81

336.44

2.2.2

Transferred to IEDC

(-)1.15

(-) 0.26

2.28

Shown under Exceptional item

-

2.33.8

Transferred to Discontinue Operation

-

Depreciation, Amortisation and Impairment as per Statement of Profit and Loss
4.

5.

336.18

During the current period the total addition towards Capex expenditure by Joint ventures and NMDC proportion
thereon is given bellow:

Sl.
No.
1

350.66

Particulars

Amount of Capex Spend in 2023-24.
In INR Crore

NMDC-CMDC Limited

2.14

Total

2.14

% Holding of
NMDC Ltd.

NMDC ‘s proportion
in INR Crore

51%

1.09
1.09

During the year 2023-24 a review of residual and useful life of PPE was done and changes were recommended
for some of the HEM equipments and vehicles. The Useful life of all the PPE is as per schedule II except for the
following PPE whose life as given under is determined as per technical assessment.
Equipment

DUMPER
WATER SPRINKLER

340

Capacity

Useful Life in Years

85-100 T

10

50-60 T

10

35-40 T

10

28KL

9

[p.345]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Equipment

Capacity

ELECTRIC ROPE SHOVEL

Useful Life in Years
10

5 - 7.5 CuM

10

>7.5 CuM

12

< 2.5 CuM

12

165 mm DIESEL

12

165 mm ELECTRIC

12

250 mm SINGLE PASS

20

250 mm MULTIPLE PASS

12

TOP HAMMER DRILL

LESS THAN 160 mm

12

DTH DRILL

105 – 115 mm

10

<300 HP

10

300 HP TO 600 HP

10

> 600 HP

12

<500 HP

12

>500 HP

15

WHEEL DOZER

<500HP

15

MOTOR GRADER

<300 HP

10

< 16 TON

9

16 TON TO 40 TON

12

>40 TON

15

BOOM STACKER

2000 TPH to 3000 TPH

25

WAGAN LOADER

2000 TPH to 3000 TPH

20

RECLAIMER

2000 TPH to 3000 TPH

20

HYDRAULIC EXCAVATOR (SHOVEL)
HYDRAULIC EXCAVATOR WITH ROCK BREAKER
ATTACHMENT

BLAST HOLE DRILL

FRONT END LOADER

TRACK DOZER

MOBILE CRANE

Vehicle

Capacity / Remarks

Committee proposal
Useful Life in Years

Utility vehicles / jeeps exclusively used by Mining, Mechanical &
Electrical shift in-charges only for use in mine

5

Utility vehicles / jeeps exclusively used by Mechanical & Electrical
Plant shift in-charges only for use in Plant

6

Rest other utility vehicles / jeeps

8

DIESEL BOWSER

UP TO 9 KL

6

EXPLOSIVE VANS

1 TO 10 TON

7

WATER TANKER

UP TO 12 KL

6

UTILITY VEHICLES /
JEEPS

6.

Impact in Depreciation due to change in useful life:
Due to change in the life of certain assets, the financial impact on accounts of FY 2023-24 is ₹ 3.21 crore on
depreciation.

341

Financial Statements

up to 5 CuM

Statutory Reports

20

Corporate Overview

8-10 CuM

[p.346]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Additional note to 2.1.1,2.3 and 2.4:PPE (Property Plant and Equipment)

Relevant
Line Item
in the
Balance
Sheet

PPE

Description of
item on Property

Gross
Carrying
Value

Title Deed
held in the
name of

Whether
title deed
holder is a
promoter or
relative (#) of
promoter(*)/
director or
employee of
promoter/
director

INR in crore

Property
Held since
which date

Reason for not being
held in the name of the
company

Forest Land
for Uniflow Rly.
Dispatch Systems
(4.94 Acre)

0.12 Forest Dept.

No

07-06-2002 This is Forest Land
(MOEF Letter
No.8B/007/2002/
fcw/1313 dated
07.06.2002)

Land for Shankhni
Pump House &
Pipeline (11.56
Acre)

0.01 Forest Dept.

No

14-03-2002 This is Forest Land
(MOEF Clearence Letter
dated 14.03.2002)

Infrasture Land
Lease of Dep-10
(FO) (352.87 Acre)

13.92 Forest Dept.

No

10-07-2019

Land at Madadi
Village

0.01

No

31-03-2006 Panchnama done by
Railway, Revenue NMDC
officials is available with
the Project.

Land Lease Hold
(For Town Ship)

-

No

31-03-1986

Panchnama done by
Railway, Revenue NMDC
officials is available with
the Project.

0.00

No

31-03-1966

Sale Deed available with
the management for
total 19.09 Hectares.
Appeal against the order
issued by the Tahsildar,
Bade Bacheli is being
prepared by the advisor
(Rvenue) and same will
be submitted before the
SDM, Bade Bacheli.

No

03-05-1976

Land (LAQ) not included
in 4(a) Notification
because it is Govt Land
and Categorised as Cart
Tract,Hall Pora,B G Line,
V S P, Village Well,Road
etc

Freehold Land

Land at
Ranajithpur
for Pellet
Plant (Survey
No.22,23,35,38
and 36(1)), Qty
8.310 Acre

Government
Land

This is Forest Land
(MOEF Letter dated
10.07.2019)

Note:
1

The Area of Land of 45.40 Acres Railway Land, 56.14 Revenue Land has been taken from Railway Authorities
and Others. These land are not in Company's name.

2

The Area of Land of 2037.46 Acres (i.e., 1015.31 Govt Land, 938.95 Acre Forest Land and 83.20 Acre Railway
Land) has been taken from Government, Forest and Railway Authorities. These lands are not in Company's
Name

342

[p.347]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Details of Land which are in the name of Company as per Land allotment/Grant order/Title deeds, However
Mutation of aforesaid Land is pending with Local State authoritites
SL
No

Description on of item on
property

Survey No.

Area in Acre/
Sq. Yards/Sq.
Ft.

Nature of
Land

Property held
since which
date

Unit

3.73 Acre

Revenue
Land

17-Mar-1971

Donimalai

2

Land at Bhujanganagar for
Township

351

11.23 Acre

Revenue
Land

7-Jul-1972

Donimalai

3

Land at Bhujanganagar for
Township

352

2.22 Acre

Revenue
Land

17-Mar-1971

Donimalai

4

Land at Bhujanganagar for
Township

324(3), 324(5),
324(2), 324(4)
and 22

6.94 Acre

Revenue
Land

15-Feb-1971

Donimalai

5

Land at Narasingapura and
Bhujanganagar for Boar hole etc

19, 1, 175, 24,
145 and 142(3)

0.0366 Acre

Revenue
Land

6

Hyderabad Corporate Office,
Masab Tank

5202 Sq.yds/
4350 Sq.mtrs

Private
Land

17-Sep-1981

HO

7

Plot No.7 Road No.2, Banjara
Hills, Hyderabad

Survey.No.403

503.33
Sq.Yd/420.85
Sq.mt.

Govt. Land
(HUDA)

15-Feb-1995

HO

8

Plot No.16 Road No.2, Banjara
Hills, Hyderabad

Survey.No 403

635.80 Sq.yds
531.61 Sq.mtrs

Govt. Land
(HUDA)

17-Dec-1994

HO

9

Plot No.18 Road No.2, Banjara
Hills, Hyderabad

Survey.No 403

586.36 Sq.yd/
490.27
Sq.mtrs.

Govt. Land
(HUDA)

17-Dec-1994

HO

10

Plot No.19 Road No.2, Banjara
Hills, Hyderabad

Survey.No 403

574.38 Sq.yd/
480.25
Sq.mtrs.

Govt. Land
(HUDA)

17-Dec-1994

HO

11

Plot No.20 Road No.2, Banjara
Hills, Hyderabad

Survey.No 403

591.79 Sq.yd/
494.81
Sq.mtrs.

Govt. Land
(HUDA)

17-Dec-1994

HO

12

Plot No.21 Road No.2, Banjara
Hills, Hyderabad

Survey.No 403

714.38 Sq.yd/
597.31 Sq.mtrs.

Govt. Land
(HUDA)

17-Dec-1994

HO

13

Plot No.22 Road No.2, Banjara
Hills, Hyderabad

Survey.No 403

601.21 Sq.yd/
502.69
Sq.mtrs.

Govt. Land
(HUDA)

17-Dec-1994

HO

14

Flat No.24, Panjagutta,
Hyderabad-82 .

161

1320 Sft. & U/L
share of 18.32
Sq.yds.

Private
Property

19-Aug-1992

HO

15

Survey No.420 & 425,
Patancheru, Hyderabad

Survey No.420
& 425

24.21 Acres

Private
Land

18-Jul-2019

HO

16

Plot No.8 H.I.G Jubilee Hills,
Hyderabad

472.43 Sq.mts
/ 561.11 Sq. yds

Private
Property

23-Mar-2022

HO

17

NPD Lab

0.84 Acres

Revenue
Land

8-Oct-1990

R&D

29/1 & 29/2

Donimalai

Note: Company is undertaking a reconciliation process to align the capitalized properties with registered sale deeds
and regularizing the pending documentation with the respective Government departments.

343

Financial Statements

351

Statutory Reports

Land at Bhujanganagar for
Township

Corporate Overview

1

[p.348]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Details of lands where discrepencies found in area of measurement as per books of accounts and as per Bhoomi
website at Donimalai
Sl.
No.

Particulars

Sy.No

Acres as per
records

Acres as
per revenue
department

Excess /
(Shortage)

1

Township

335A

2.06

2.16

(0.10)

2

Stock pile at loading point

15(B/2)

2.27

2.39

(0.12)

3

Pellet plant

29(1)

2.17

2.77

(0.60)

4

Pellet plant

9(2)

5.50

5.52

(0.02)

5

Pellet plant

39

0.11

0.71

(0.60)

6

Pellet plant

24

0.46

0.90

(0.44)

7

Pellet plant

27

0.56

0.72

(0.16)

8

Pellet plant

28

1.32

1.50

(0.18)

9

Township

326

3.46

5.11

(1.65)

10

Stock pile at loading point

14B

1.92

1.85

0.07

11

Stock pile at loading point

22(B/2)

1.20

1.10

0.10

12

Stock pile at loading point

23(1B/2)

1.42

1.40

0.02

13

Stock pile at loading point

24(B/2)

1.25

1.23

0.02

14

Pellet plant

38

0.75

0.35

0.40

15

Pellet plant

25

1.25

0.90

0.35

16

Pellet plant

26

2.95

0.21

2.74

17

Township

325

3.94

3.56

0.38

32.59

32.38

0.21

Total
NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Note: 2.2 Capital Work in Progress

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

3,065.41

1,772.55

1,062.56

-

7.24

5.32

3,067.41

1,765.31

1,057.24

-

-

-

Capital Assets in stores awaiting installation or in
transit

35.51

43.67

39.05

Add : Reversal of provision for Impairment

0.84

Less: Provision for Impairment

4.40

-

31.95

43.67

39.05

131.15

182.57

232.02

3,230.51

1,991.55

1,328.31

Particulars
Construction work in progress
Add : Reversal of provision for Impairment
Less: Provision for Impairment
Construction Stores

Expenditure incidental to construction awaiting
allocation (See note 2.2.2)
TOTAL

344

Figures as at
1st April 2022

2.00

[p.349]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Note - 2.2.1: Movement of Capital work in progress

INR in crore
Capital asset
in stores
awaiting
installation
or in transit

Expenditure
Incidental to
construction
awaiting
allocation

(0.00)

39.05

232.02

1328.31

836.89

0.00

193.90

28.84

1059.63

Disposals/Capitalisation to PPE

126.90

0.00

189.28

78.29

394.47

Closing gross carrying amount

1767.23

(0.00)

43.67

182.57

1993.47

Construction
Work in
Progress

Construction
Stores

Opening gross carrying amount

1057.24

Additions

Particulars

Total

Year ended 31 March 2023

0.00

Amortisation charge during the year

1.92

Closing accumulated amortisation

1.92

0.00

0.00

0.00

1.92

1765.31

(0.00)

43.67

182.57

1991.55

Opening gross carrying amount

1765.31

(0.00)

43.67

182.57

1991.55

Additions

1618.16

0.00

103.98

19.53

1741.67

Disposals/Capitalisation to PPE

316.06

0.00

115.70

70.95

502.71

Closing gross carrying amount

3067.41

(0.00)

31.95

131.15

3230.51

0.00

0.00

0.00

0.00

0.00

3067.41

(0.00)

31.95

131.15

3230.51

Closing net carrying amount

1.92

Corporate Overview

Accumulated amortisation

Year ended 31 March 2024

Amortisation charge during the year
Closing accumulated amortisation
Closing net carrying amount

Statutory Reports

Accumulated amortisation

Financial Statements

345

[p.350]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Note : 2.2.2 Expenditure Incidental to Construction Awaiting Allocation

INR in crore

Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

182.57

232.02

-

-

Salaries, Wages & Bonus

10.21

6.90

1.22

Repairs and Maintenance

1.66

1.58

1.81

Depreciation and amortisation

1.15

0.26

0.09

Consultancy expenditure

0.27

14.42

11.50

Other expenditure

6.25

5.68

361.06

19.54

28.84

375.68

Total (b)

19.54

28.84

375.68

Sub-total (a+b)

202.11

260.86

628.84

Less : Amount allocated to Fixed assets/ Capital W I P

70.96

78.29

396.82

Closing Balance

131.15

182.57

232.02

Particulars
a. Opening balance

Figures as at
1st April 2022
253.16

b. Net Expenditure incurred during the year
Consumption of stores and spares
Employee Benefit expense :

Other expenses :

Less : Recoveries/Income

Note: 2.2.3 Capital Work in Progress aging Schedule
As at 31st March 2024

INR in crore
Amount in CWIP for a period of

Particulars
Project in Progress

Less than
1 years

More than
3 years

2-3 years

Total

1,441.87

785.01

576.55

427.08

3,230.51

-

-

-

-

-

1,441.87

785.01

576.55

427.08

3,230.51

Project temporarily suspended
Total

1-2 years

Note: 2.2.3 Capital Work in Progress aging Schedule
As at 31st March 2023

INR in crore
Amount in CWIP for a period of

Particulars
Project in Progress
Project temporarily suspended
Total

346

Less than
1 years

1-2 years

More than
3 years

2-3 years

Total

825.61

670.99

93.39

401.56

1,991.55

-

-

-

-

-

825.61

670.99

93.39

401.56

1,991.55

[p.351]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Note: 2.2.4 Capital Work in Progress Completion Schedule
As at 31st March 2024

INR in crore
To be completed in

Particulars

Less than
1 years

1-2 years

More than
3 years

2-3 years

Total

1,008.94

12.47

-

-

1,021.41

Slurry Pipe Line

1,439.56

385.60

-

-

1,825.16

Construction of 5th Screenign Line Bacheli

44.84

-

-

-

44.84

IT Infrastructure for ERP and Other
Future Digital Initiatives at NMDC

14.62

-

-

-

14.62

-

-

3.40

-

3.40

Lan Infrastructure at Head Office

20.71

-

-

-

20.71

Others

232.11

11.27

14.60

42.39

300.37

2,760.78

409.34

18.00

42.39

3,230.51

SP - II Donimalai Project - Karnataka

Total

Corporate Overview

SP - III at Kirandul Unit, Chhatishgarh

Note: there are no project where activities has been suspended as on 31st March 2024
Note: 2.2.4 Capital Work in Progress Completion Schedule
INR in crore
To be completed in
Particulars

Less than
1 years

1-2 years

More than
3 years

2-3 years

Total

Slurry Pipe Line

835.56

144.81

980.37

SP - III at Kirandul Unit, Chhatishgarh

275.26

293.22

568.48

SP - II Donimalai Project - Karnataka

1.01

1.01

31.57

31.57

Construction of 5th Screenign Line Bacheli

44.42

44.42

Others

126.94

197.55

Total

1,313.75

635.58

41.21

365.70

42.22

1,991.55

Note: there are no project where activities has been suspended as on 31 March 2023
st

347

Financial Statements

Additional Fine Ore Stock Pile - Bacheli

-

Statutory Reports

As at 31st March 2023

[p.352]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Note -2.3 : INTANGIBLE ASSETS

(INR in Crore)

GROSS BLOCK

DEPRECIATION BLOCK

NET BLOCK

AS AT
1st April
2023

ADDITIONS
DURING
THE
YEAR

DED /
ADJ
DURING
THE
YEAR

AS AT
31st
March
2024

UP TO
1st April
2023

FOR
THE
YEAR

Goodwill

93.89

-

-

93.89

-

-

-

-

TOTAL (A)

93.89

-

-

93.89

-

-

-

Previous Year
2022-23

93.89

93.89

-

-

(0.17)

86.39

44.32

983.13

ASSETS

DEDUCTIONS /
ADJUSTMENTS

AS AT
31st
March
2024

AS AT
31st
March
2023

-

93.89

93.89

-

-

93.89

93.89

-

-

-

93.89

93.89

21.94

-

(0.17)

66.09

20.30

20.27

622.65

53.22

(1.13)

(433.55)

241.19

741.94

695.66

Asset
Impairment

UP TO
31st
March
2024

A. GENERAL:

A. GENERAL:
Computer
Software

64.60

21.96

Mining Rights

1,318.30

99.78 (434.95)

TOTAL (B)

1,382.90

121.74

(435.12) 1,069.52

666.97

75.16

(1.13) (433.72)

307.28

762.24

715.93

Previous Year
2022-23

1,092.87

260.66

29.37 1,382.90

557.14

68.37

41.46

666.97

715.93

535.73

GRAND
TOTAL (A+B)

1,476.79

121.74

(435.12) 1,163.41

666.97

75.16

(1.13) (433.72)

307.28

856.13

809.82

Previous Year
2022-23

1,186.76

260.66

29.37 1,476.79

557.14

68.37

666.97

809.82

629.62

-

41.46

During the year Company has made adjustment to the gross block and accumulated depreciation amounting to
Rs. 433.72 crores
Details of the Mining Rights (NMDC Ltd)
Useful life
of mine
(in yrs)

Net Block
as on
31.03.2024

11-09-2035

20

53.15

07-12-2015

06-12-2035

20

54.82

Mining Lease Agreement-BIOM
Deposit - 11 ML

12-09-2017

11-09-2037

20

40.74

30MPR02005

Mining Lease of Dep - 05

11-09-2015

10-09-2035

20

88.76

5

30MPR48001

Mining Lease of Dep - 10

11-09-2015

10-09-2035

20

40.11

6

30CHG03002

Mining Lease Renewal of
Deposit 11A

12-09-2017

11-09-2037

20

2.58

7

2396

Donimalai Iron Ore Mine

04-11-2018

03-11-2038

20

84.28

8

1111

Kumaraswamy Iron Ore Mine

18-10-2022

17-10-2042

20

227.89

10

270/17MPR26001

MML LEASE PERIOD 15.07.2005
TO 14.07.2025

15-07-2005

14-07-2025

20

0.02

11

270/17MPR26004

SUPPLEMENTARY MINING
LEASE EXTENSION

01-07-2020 30-06-2040

20

1.11

12

Addition to SLM

NAV Paid to PTR

01-07-2020 30-06-2040

20

3.92

13

E80/4221

East Kimberley

14-12-2009

16

9.80

Sl.
No

Lease No.

Description of Deposit/mine

1

30CHG030001

Mining Lease Agreement-BIOM
Deposit - 14 ML

12-09-2015

2

30MPR02002

Mining Lease Agreement-BIOM
Deposit - 14 NMZ

3

30CHG030002

4

348

Lease period

13-12-2025

Method of
Amortisation

Amortised
over
respective
useful life
of mines on
straight line
basis

[p.353]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Sl.
No

Lease No.

Description of Deposit/mine

Lease period

Useful life
of mine
(in yrs)

Net Block
as on
31.03.2024

18-07-2018

17-07-2028

10

0.90

15

E80/5067

East Kimberley

18-07-2018

17-07-2028

10

2.11

16

E80/5068

East Kimberley

18-07-2018

17-07-2028

10

0.64

17

E31/1034

Patricia North

19-09-2013

18-09-2025

12

2.26

18

M31/0426

Yilgangi

12-01-2009

11-01-2030

21

2.87

19

M31/0427

Yilgangi

12-01-2009

11-01-2030

21

2.43

20

E31/1020

Yilgangi

10-04-2013

09-04-2025

12

1.81

21

E31/1019

Yilgangi

10-04-2013

09-04-2025

12

1.54

22

M31/0107

Yerilla

22-08-1991

21-08-2033

42

1.02

23

M31/0229

Yerilla

17-07-2009

16-07-2030

21

0.39

24

M31/0230

Yerilla

17-07-2009

16-07-2030

21

0.38

25

E39/1443

South Laverton - Mt Celia

10-11-2009

09-11-2025

26

0.27

26

M39/1123
(P39/5001)

South Laverton - Mt Celia

07-11-2018

06-11-2039

21

1.92

27

M39/1128
(P39/5002,03)

South Laverton - Mt Celia

07-11-2018

06-11-2039

21

0.14

28

M39/1124
(P39/5004)

South Laverton - Mt Celia

07-11-2018

06-11-2039

21

1.69

29

M39/1125
(P39/5005)

South Laverton - Mt Celia

07-06-2018

06-06-2039

21

1.73

30

M39/1126
(P39/5006)

South Laverton - Mt Celia

07-06-2018

06-06-2039

21

1.64

31

M39/1127
(P39/5007)

South Laverton - Mt Celia

07-06-2018

06-06-2039

21

0.10

32

E39/2040

South Laverton - Mt Celia

18-09-2018

17-09-2028

10

1.07

33

E39/2262

South Laverton - Mt Celia

15-11-2022

14-11-2027

5

0.20

34

E39/2348

South Laverton - Mt Celia

06-02-2023 05-02-2028

5

0.18

35

M39/1145

South Laverton - Mt Celia

23-05-2009 22-05-2044

35

0.18

36

E39/1748

Sunrise Bore

01-07-2014

30-06-2024

10

6.94

37

EL29/0510

Mount Bevan - Magnetite

07-07-2005 06-07-2024

19

22.49

38

EL29/0510

Mount Bevan - OM

07-07-2005 06-07-2024

19

0.37

39

1-2610/11

30-08-2023

1

33.58

29-11-2024

TOTAL

Financial Statements

East Kimberley

Statutory Reports

E80/5066

Corporate Overview

14

Method of
Amortisation

696.03

Details of the Lease hold land for construction of SP-II
Sl.
No
1

Particulars
SP-II

TOTAL

Description of Deposit/mine
Lease of Forest Land for
Construction of SP-II Donimalai

Lease period
23-09-2023 22-09-2053

Useful life
of mine
(in yrs)

Net Block
as on
31.03.2024

30

45.91

Method of
Amortisation

45.91

Note: Agreement No. 03/2023-24 dated 06.09.2023 is executed for lease of 53.67 ha forest land for construction of
Screen Plant-II of Donimalai

349

[p.354]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Note : 2.4 Intangible assets under development

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Intangible assets under development

4.14

6.49

5.00

TOTAL

4.14

6.49

5.00

Particulars

Figures as at
1st April 2022

Note: 2.4.(a) Intangible Assets under devlopment aging Schedule
As at 31st March 2024
Particulars
Project in Progress

INR in crore
Amount in CWIP for a period of
Less than
1 years

More than
3 years

2-3 years

Total

4.14

Project temporarily suspended
Total

1-2 years

4.14

-

-

-

-

-

4.14

-

-

-

4.14

Note: 2.4.(a) Intangible Assets under devlopment aging Schedule
As at 31st March 2023
Particulars
Project in Progress

INR in crore
Amount in CWIP for a period of
Less than
1 years

More than
3 years

2-3 years

Total

6.49

Project temporarily suspended
Total

1-2 years

6.49

-

-

-

-

-

6.49

-

-

-

6.49

Note: 2.4.(b) Intangible Assets under devlopment completion schedule
As at 31st March 2024
Particulars
ERP

INR in crore
To be completed in
Less than
1 years

1-2 years

More than
3 years

2-3 years

Total

4.14

4.14
-

Total

4.14

-

-

-

4.14

Note: there are no project where activities has been suspended as on 31 March 2024
st

Note: 2.4.(b) Intangible Assets under devlopment completion schedule
As at 31st March 2023
Particulars
ERP

INR in crore
To be completed in
Less than
1 years

1-2 years

More than
3 years

2-3 years

Total

6.49

6.49
-

Total

6.49

-

-

Note: there are no project where activities has been suspended as on 31 March 2023
st

350

-

6.49

[p.355]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Note : 2.4.1 Investments

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

i) 41,85,590 (previous Year 41,85,590, as at 1st April
2022 41,85,590) Equity shares of FMG 2500/each fully
paid up in wholly owned subsidiary company NMDC
SARL, Madagaskar

7.20

7.20

7.20

Less: Investment deration

7.20

7.20

7.20

-

-

-

iii) NIL (Previous Year NIL, as at 1st April 2022
5,50,000) Equity shares of ₹ 10/- each fully paid up in
NMDC Power Ltd.

-

-

0.55

Less: Investment deration

-

-

0.55

-

-

-

vi) NIL (Previous Year NIL, as at 1st April 2022
1,60,000) equity shares of ₹ 10/- each fully paid up in
Jharkhan Kolhan Steel Limited (JKSL)

-

-

0.16

Less: Investment deration

-

-

0.16

-

-

-

2.00

2.00

2.00

i) 50 (Previous year 50, as at 1st April 2022 50) equity
shares of South African Rand 1/- each in KopanoNMDC Minerals (Proprietary) Limited (₹ 324/- only)

-

-

-

Less: Investment deration

-

-

-

-

-

-

ii) 9,83,47,236 (Previous Year 9,83,47,236, as at 1st
April 2022 9,83,47,236) Equity shares of ₹ 10/- each
fully paid up in NMDC CMDC Ltd.

89.07

91.35

92.65

iii) 15,26,74,600 (previous year 15,26,74,600, as at 1st
April 2022 15,26,74,600) equity shares of ₹ 10/- each
in Bastar Railway Pvt. Ltd. (BRPL)

152.84

152.25

152.73

Particulars

Figures as at
1st April 2022

In Equity Shares:
Investments in Subsidiary Companies :
Trade & Unquoted at cost:

Corporate Overview
Statutory Reports

ii) )20,00,000 (previous year 20,00,000, as at 1st April
2022 20,00,000) equity shares of 10 each in NMDC
CSR Foundation (NMDC CSR)
Investment in Joint Ventures :
Unquoted at cost:

-

351

Financial Statements

iv) 6,000 (Previous year 6,000, as at 1st April 2022
6,000) equity shares of ₹ 10/- each in Jharkhand
National Mineral Development Corporation Ltd.
(JNMDC)

[p.356]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

i) 1,05,000 (previous year 1,05,000 as at 1st April 2022
1,05,000) Equity shares of ₹ 10/- each fully paid up in
Romelt SAIL India Ltd., New Delhi

0.11

0.11

0.11

Less: Investment deration

0.11

0.11

0.11

-

-

-

ii) 37,88,59,405 (Previous year 37,88,59,405, as at 1st
April 2022 37,88,59,405) Equity shares of ₹ 10/- each
fully paid in International Coal Ventures (P) Ltd.

668.86

659.65

616.81

iii) 4,00,00,000 (P.Y 4,00,00,000, as at 1st April 2022
4,00,00,000) equity shares of ₹ 10/- each in fully paid
up in Krishnapatnam Railway Co. ltd.

38.38

29.41

30.74

iv) 13,000 (previous year 13,000, as at 1st April 2022
13,000) equity shares of ₹ 10/- each fully paid up in
Chhattisgarh Mega steel Ltd

-

-

0.02

0.02

-

-

-

-

0.02

0.02

0.02

951.17

934.68

894.95

-

-

956.48

939.99

900.26

7.31

7.31

7.31

Particulars

Figures as at
1st April 2022

Investments in Associates :
Unquoted at cost:

Non-trade and unquoted shares in co-operative
societies
i) 150 Shares (previous year 150 Shares, as at 1st April
2022 150 Shares) of ₹ 1,000/- each fully paid up in
Whole-sale Consumers Co-operative Stores, Kirandul
₹ 1,50,000/- (Previous year ₹ 1,50,000/-)
ii) 500 Shares (previous year 500 Shares, as at 1st
April 2022 500 Shares) of ₹ 10/- each fully paid up in
NMDC Employees Co-operative Society Ltd, Bacheli
₹ 5,000/- (previous year ₹ 5,000/-)

0.02

iii) 25 Shares (previous year 25 Shares, as at 1st April
2022 25 Shares) of ₹ 100/- each fully paid up in NMDC
Employees Co-operative Society Ltd, Donimalai
₹ 2,500/- (previous year ₹ 2,500/-)

Total
1. Aggregate amount of Quoted investments
(Market value of quoted Investments)
2. Aggregate amount of Unquoated Investments
3. aggregate amount of provision for diminution in
value investments

352

[p.357]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Note : 2.4.2 Loans

INR in crore

Particulars

Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Loans to employees & outsiders

81.74

62.62

40.77

Loan to Subsidiaries

-

-

-

Deposit with Others

-

Figures as at
1st April 2022

81.74

62.62

40.77

i) Considered Good, Secured

81.74

62.62

40.77

-

-

ii) Considered Good, Unsecured
iii) Which have significant increase in Credit risk
iv) Credit Impaired
Note: With respect to the accounting policy note no. 1.2.1. (b) ii, the long term Loans & advances to employees was
to be measured at amortised cost. The same was carried out and considering the materiality, no effect has been
made in the accounts.
Note: 2.4.3 : Other Financial Assets

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

107.25

103.24

104.41

Inter Corporate Balance (NSL) - Refer Note - 2.35.4(*)

2,502.64

2,501.87

485.34

TOTAL

2,609.89

2,605.11

589.75

Deposit with Others

Figures as at
1st April 2022

Statutory Reports

Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Particulars

Corporate Overview

TOTAL

(*) An amount of ₹ 2,502.64 crore spent by NMDC Limited from Appinted date to Effective date towards all
transactions and the same is recorded as receivable on account of demerger
Note: 2.5 Deferred tax assets (Net)

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

486.42

486.28

744.82

2. Asset retirement obligation and spares

11.72

8.78

4.39

3. Investments

9.01

9.19

9.19

4. Others

12.88

31.50

31.50

520.03

535.75

789.90

1. Related to PPE

(190.44)

(198.81)

(191.69)

2. Provision for post retirement medical benefits

(53.05)

(37.68)

(27.22)

3. Accrued expenses

(10.65)

(1.76)

(2.05)

Total Deferred Tax Liability

(254.14)

(238.25)

(220.96)

Net Deferred Tax Assets

265.89

297.50

568.94

Particulars

Figures as at
1st April 2022

A. Deferred tax assets :
1. Provision for bad & doubtful debts

Total Deferred Tax Assets
B. Deferred tax liability :

353

Financial Statements

Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

[p.358]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Note 2.6 : Other Non-Current Assets

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

1,227.62

1,126.18

352.78

-

-

-

Mines Closure Fund with Life insurance Corporation

1,310.98

1,122.03

965.10

Other Advances (**)

1,053.94

1,054.71

786.01

Total

3,592.54

3,302.92

2,103.89

Particulars
Capital Advances (*)
ITC Receivables

Figures as at
1st April 2022

(*) Capital Advances includes an amount of ₹ 331.63 crore.(P.Y ₹ 325.32 crore) towards Tokisud Coal Block and
payment of ₹ 171.64 crore (P.Y. ₹ 74.18 crore) towards Rohne Coal Block. (Refer Note - 2.35.9)
(**) Includes an amount of ₹ 600 crore (P.Y.Rs. 600 crore), paid to South Bastar Dantewada under protest against
the demand notice for Common Cause (Refer Note - 2.35.7)
CURRENT ASSETS
Note:2.7. Inventories

INR in crore

(As Valued and Certified by the Management)
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Lime Stone

0.22

0.09

0.12

Bentolite

0.14

0.13

0.15

0.36

0.22

0.27

0.77

0.87

1.37

-

-

0.03

0.03

0.93

0.80

0.90

2.30

2,399.74

2,369.57

1,887.19

14.03

0.90

1.42

Particulars

Figures as at
1st April 2022

Raw materials

Work-in-Process :
Pellets
Diamonds
Sponge Iron
Finished Goods:
Iron Ore
Iron Ore lying at Pellet Plant
Sponge Iron

0.01

0.01

0.01

Pellets

50.98

28.60

12.98

Ore for Gold

28.03

Diamonds & Precious Stones

0.54

0.04

0.04

Total Finished Goods

2,493.33

2,399.12

1,901.64

Total

2,494.49

2,400.24

1,904.21

268.38

257.84

218.11

Stores & Spares
Loose tools and Implements

-

4.08

2.50

2.89

Total

272.46

260.34

221.00

G. Total

2,766.95

2,660.58

2,125.21

354

[p.359]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

a) Stores-in-transit

1.45

7.30

4.16

b) Obsolete stores & spares valued at

0.01

0.01

0.01

Particulars

Figures as at
1st April 2022

Inventories are valued at cost or NRV whichever is
lower.
1. Stores and Spares include:

Notes: 2.8.1a Investment

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Current Investments

4.89

5.75

5.90

Total

4.89

5.75

5.90

Particulars

Figures as at
1st April 2022

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

-

-

-

3,508.93

4,361.23

4,190.45

-

-

Credit impaired

1,905.67

1,905.13

2,932.14

Total (*)

5,414.60

6,266.36

7,122.59

15.84

15.05

84.45

1,889.83

1,890.08

2,847.69

1,905.67

1,905.13

2,932.14

3,508.93

4,361.23

4,190.45

Particulars
Considered good: Secured
Considered good: unsecured
Which have significant increase in credit risk

Less: Provision for bad & doubtful trade receivables
Less: Provision for bad & doubtful (Monitoring
Committee)
Total

Figures as at
1st April 2022

(*)
i) Trade Receivables includes ₹ 1,892.32 crore (Previous year ₹ 2,907.91 crore) dues from Monitoring Committee.
ii) Trade receivables includes:
a) ₹ 434.80 crore (PY ₹ 558.65 crore) receivable from RINL which not due as on 31st March 2024
b) ₹ 1,564.54 crore (PY ₹ 1705.21 crore) receivable from RINL discounted from Bank during FY 2023-24
c) ₹ 1,395.61 crore ( P.Y ₹ 46.42 crore) receivable from NMDC Steel Limited (Refer Note - 2.31 - iii)

355

Financial Statements

Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Statutory Reports

Notes: 2.8.1b Trade Receivables

Corporate Overview

Re1 per unit of their original value of ₹ 5.20 crore
(previous year ₹ 4.26 crore )

[p.360]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Note: 2.8.1.1 Trade Receivables (Aging)
As at 31st March 2024

INR in crore
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payments

Particulars

Less than
6 months

6 months
- 1 years

2-3 years

More than
3 years

i) Undisputed Trade ReceivablesConsidered good (*)

3,197.70

166.58

142.14

1.54

0.97

3,508.93

ii) Undisputed Trade ReceivablesWhich have significant increase in
credit risk.

-

-

-

-

-

-

iii) Undisputed Trade ReceivablesCredit Impaired

-

-

-

-

3.01

3.01

iv) Disputed Trade ReceivablesConsidered good

-

-

-

-

-

-

v) Disputed Trade ReceivablesWhich have significant increase in
credit risk.

-

-

-

-

-

-

vi) Disputed Trade ReceivablesCredit Impaired (**)

-

-

-

0.19

1,902.47

1,902.66

3,197.70

166.58

142.14

1.73

1,906.45

5,414.60

Total

1-2 years

Total

Note: Due date is the Date on which the amount of sales proceeds is due for claiming from the customer
(*) ₹ 434.80 crore ( P.Y ₹ 558.65 crore) receivable from RINL which is not due as on 31st March 2024 included in less
than 6 months
(**) Includes ₹ 1,892.32 crore (PY ₹ 2,907.91) receivable from Monitoring Committee for which ECL is provided
Note: 2.8.1.1 Trade Receivables (Aging)
As at 31st March 2023

INR in crore
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payments

Particulars

Less than
6 months

6 months
- 1 years

i) Undisputed Trade ReceivablesConsidered good

2,952.25

62.67

1-2 years
867.11

2-3 years

More than
3 years

224.00

255.20

Total
4,361.23

ii) Undisputed Trade ReceivablesWhich have significant increase in
credit risk.

-

iii) Undisputed Trade ReceivablesCredit Impaired

-

iv) Disputed Trade ReceivablesConsidered good

-

v) Disputed Trade ReceivablesWhich have significant increase in
credit risk.

-

vi) Disputed Trade ReceivablesCredit Impaired
Total

2,952.25

62.67

867.11

224.00

1,905.13

1,905.13

2,160.33

6,266.36

Note: Due date is the Date on which the amount of sales proceeds is due for claiming from the customer / Monitoring
Committee

356

[p.361]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Notes: 2.8.2 Cash And Cash Equivalents

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

-

-

-

on current Accounts

43.06

93.00

85.78

On Deposit accounts (Original maturity less then 3
months)

66.33

-

34.82

Total

109.39

93.00

120.60

Particulars
Cash in hand

Figures as at
1st April 2022

Balance with Banks

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

12,103.27

6,905.72

7,769.24

Balance with bank for Unpaid Dividend

2.99

3.55

3.84

Balance with banks towards TDS on Dividend

57.86

29.24

41.10

Ear marked Balances (unspent CSR Account) (**)

90.14
-

66.24

42.69

12,254.26

7,004.75

7,856.87

Particulars
Balance with bank on 'Deposits Accounts (original
maturity more than 3 months but less than 12 months(*)

Bank deposits offered as security for Bank guarantees
and letter of credit
Total

Figures as at
1st April 2022

(*) Fixed Deposits of NIL (P.Y ₹ 502 crore) pledged for avaling OD Facilities.
(**) Unspent CSR amount for FY 2022-23 is ₹ 90.14 crore
Note: 2.8.4 Other Financial Assets

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

-

-

0.06

Advances to NSL

86.08

41.06

-

Advances to Subsidiaries/ Jv's/ Associates

55.80

55.79

126.80

0.10

10.63

9.35

141.78

86.22

117.45

40.29

54.64

415.15

79.70

21.87

29.18

Figures as at
1st April 2022

Related Parties (Refer Note - 2.31)
Advances to Directors

Less: Prov. Made
Employees and outsiders
Advances to Employees and outsiders
Interest Accrued
Accrued interest on deposits with banks
Accrued interest on Other
Other Receivables (*)
Total

1.20

1.21

8.20

72.83

367.91

13.82

335.80

531.85

583.86

(*) Additional 10% SPV paid to Monitoring Committee ₹ NIL (PY ₹ 335.78 crore) as directed by DMG (Department of
Mines and Geology) Karnataka.

357

Financial Statements

Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Particulars

Statutory Reports

Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Corporate Overview

Notes :2.8.3 Bank Balances Other Than 2.8.2

[p.362]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Note: 2.9 Current Tax Asset (Net)

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Advance Income tax & TDS

7,718.67

9,379.67

8,803.32

Less : Provision

6,887.98

8,257.85

7,903.46

Total

830.69

1,121.82

899.86

Particulars

Note: 2.10 Other Current Assets

Figures as at
1st April 2022

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

920.12

1,189.05

684.90

1.09

2.34

4.03

Net

919.03

1,186.71

680.87

ITC Receivables

817.57

587.13

489.96

0.04

-

-

1,736.64

1,773.84

1,170.83

Particulars
Advances to Employee and outsiders
Less: Provision

Other Current Assets
Total
Note: 2.11 Assets Held for Disposal

Figures as at
1st April 2022

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Assets held for disposal

0.98

0.66

0.81

Total

0.98

0.66

0.81

Particulars

Note: 2.12 Equity Share Capital

Figures as at
1st April 2022

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

400.00

400.00

400.00

293.07

293.07

293.07

-

-

-

2,93,06,05,850 Equity Shares of Re.1/- each fully paid up
(Previous year 2,93,06,05,850 of Re.1/- each fully paid )

293.07

293.07

293.07

Total

293.07

293.07

293.07

Particulars

Figures as at
1st April 2022

Authorised:
400,00,00,000 Equity Shares of Re. 1/- each
(Previous year 400,00,00,000 Equity Shares of Re.1/each)
Issued, Subscribed & Paid up:
Opening Balance
2,93,06,05,850 Equity Shares of Re.1/- each fully paid up
(Previous year 2,93,06,05,850 of Re.1/- each fully paid )
Add: Issue of shares during the year
Closing Balance:

358

[p.363]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Addl. Notes :
1) No new shares were issued, during the current year & previous year
2) Terms/Rights attached to equity shares :
The company has only one class of equity shares having par value of Re.1/- each and each holder of equity shares is
entitled to one vote per share.
3) The details of shares in the company held by each shareholder holding more than 5% shares :
31st March 2024
Name of the Share holder

Number of
shares

% of
shareholding

Number of
shares

i) President of India

60.79

1,78,16,33,571

60.79

1,78,16,33,571

ii ) LIC of India (incl all schemes)

6.67

19,55,80,072

11.53

33,77,84,217

Note: 2.13 Other Equity
Particulars
Balance as at 1st April 2022

INR in crore
General
Reserve
15,617.90

Profit for the year

Retained
earnings

Capital
Redemption
Reserve

Other Comprehensive
Income

Capital
Reserve

Total
Owners
Equity

1,761.52

103.40

4.12

238.24

17,725.18

13.45

5,601.46

1.10

104.99

-

5,601.46
104.99

Demerger Expenses persuant to
scheme of arrangement
Interim Dividends (2022-23)

(2.27)

(2.27)

(1,098.98)

(1,098.98)

Foreign Exchange Translation
Reserve (OCI)

(2.83)

Adjustment on Consolidation

(2.83)

(0.32)

0.21

0.21

-

-

4,400.00

(4,400.00)

Total

4,400.00

100.42

-

102.16

-

4,602.58

0.78

Balance as at 31st March 2023

20,017.90

1,861.94

103.40

106.28

238.24

22,327.76

14.23

Balance as at 1st April 2023

20,017.90

1,861.94

103.40

106.28

238.24

22,327.76

14.23

5,575.06

(4.19)

Profit for the year

5,575.06

Adition in the holding

7.49

Other Comprehensive Income net
of tax

(22.10)

(22.10)

Interim Dividend (2023-24)

(1,685.11)

(1,685.11)

Final Dividend (2022-23)

(835.23)

(835.23)

Foreign Exchange Translation
Reserve (OCI)

(4.68)

Adjustment on Consolidation

(4.68)

7.13

7.13
-

(0.52)

Transfer to General Reserve

3,000.00

(3,000.00)

Total

3,000.00

61.85

-

(26.78)

-

3,035.07

2.78

Balance as at 31st March 2024

23,017.90

1,923.79

103.40

79.50

238.24

25,362.83

17.01

359

Financial Statements

Transfer to General Reserve

Statutory Reports

Other Comprehensive Income net
of tax

Noncontrolling
interest

Corporate Overview

% of shareholding

31st March 2023

[p.364]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Note 2.14.1 Borrowing (Non- Current)

Particulars

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Figures as at
1st April 2022

Total

-

-

Note 2.14.2 Lease Liabilit

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Lease Liabilties

1.76

5.02

5.85

Total

1.76

5.02

5.85

Particulars

Note 2.14.3 Financial Liability (Non- Current)

Figures as at
1st April 2022

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Other financial Liabilities

150.28

150.28

150.28

Total

150.28

150.28

150.28

Particulars

Note 2.14.4 Provisions (Non- Current)

Figures as at
1st April 2022

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Gratuity

0.15

0.12

0.11

Accrued leave

0.05

0.04

0.03

Long Service Reward

37.11

34.77

45.69

Mine closure Liability

1,363.81

1,217.94

1,043.75

Provisions for de-commissioning liability (ARO
Obligation)

3.39

3.12

2.88

Provisions - Others (Refer Note 2.35.8)

26.75
1,255.99

1,092.46

Particulars

Figures as at
1st April 2022

Employee Benefits :

Total

360

1,431.26

[p.365]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Note: 2.15.1 Borrowings
Particulars

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

-

415.98

1,788.05

1,792.00

-

4.45

Figures as at
1st April 2022

Secured
Loan against FDs (*)
Unsecured
Bill discounting of RINL against invoces

1,564.54

1705.21

1236.15

Total

3,356.54

2,121.19

3,028.65

(*) Over Drafts availed by pledging Fixed Deposits is NIL (PY ₹ 502 crore)
Note: 2.15.2 Lease Liability

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Lease Liabilties

0.48

1.66

1.59

Total

0.48

1.66

1.59

Particulars

Particulars

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Figures as at
1st April 2022

28.29

25.23

26.59

Other than micro and small enterprises

384.26

400.68

638.17

Total

412.55

425.91

664.76

Disclosure Relating to Micro and Small Enterprises

31-03-2024

31-03-2023

01-04-2022

i) (a). The principal amount remaining unpaid to the
supplier as at the end of the year

28.29

25.23

26.59

i) (b). The interest due on the above amount, remaining
unpaid to the supplier as at the end of the year

Nil

Nil

Nil

ii) the amount of interest paid in terms of section
16, along with the amount of the payment made to
the supplier beyond the appointed day during each
accounting year;

Nil

Nil

Nil

iii) the amount of interest due and payable for the
period of delay in making payment (which have been
paid but beyond the appointed day during the year) but
without adding the interest specified under Micro,Small
and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006;

Nil

Nil

Nil

(iv) the amount of interest accrued and remaining
unpaid at the end of each accounting year; and

Nil

Nil

Nil

(v) the amount of further interest remaining due and
payable even in the succeeding years, until such date
when the interest dues as above are actually paid to the
small enterprise, for the purpose of disallowance as a
deductible expenditure under section 23 of Micro,Small
and Medium Enterprises Development Act,2006.

Nil

Nil

Nil

361

Financial Statements

Total outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises

Statutory Reports

Note: 2.15.3 Trade & Other Payables

Figures as at
1st April 2022

Corporate Overview

Working Capital Loan

[p.366]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Note: 2.15.3.(I) Trade Payable (Aging)
As at 31st March 2024

INR in crore
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payments

Particulars

Less than
1year

Not due

1-2 years

2-3 years

More than
3 years

Total

i) MSME

7.36

19.08

0.50

0.29

1.06

28.29

ii) Others

19.24

205.58

28.88

23.05

107.51

384.26

iii) Disputed Dues: MSME

-

-

-

-

-

-

iv) Disputed Dues: Others

-

-

-

-

-

-

26.60

224.66

29.38

23.34

108.57

412.55

Total

Note: Due date is the date on which the amount to be paid to the vender, for supply of goods and services, upon
receipt and acceptance of goods / services as well as submission of various documents
Note: 2.15.3.(I) Trade Payable (Aging)
As at 31st March 2023

INR in crore
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payments

Particulars

Less than
1year

Not due

1-2 years

2-3 years

More than
3 years

Total

i) MSME

8.44

15.48

0.15

1.16

-

25.23

ii) Others

23.43

225.28

52.67

79.93

19.37

400.68

iii) Disputed Dues: MSME

-

iv) Disputed Dues: Others

-

Total

31.87

240.76

52.82

81.09

19.37

425.91

Note: Due date is the date on which the amount to be paid to the vender, for supply of goods and services, upon
receipt and acceptance of goods / services as well as submission of various documents
Relationship with Struck off Companies
Sl
NO.

Name of the Struck Off Comapany

INR in crore
Nature of
transaction

Transaction
During the
Year 2023-24

Payable

Balance
Outstanding As
at 31-Mar-2024

1

Bharti Infratel Limited

2

Deepak Industries Limited

Paid

0.002

Vendor

3

Network Security Pvt Ltd

Paid

0.003

Vendor

4

Pyrotech Electronics Pvt

Payable

0.005

Vendor

5

Pioneer Tech Engineering Services

Payable

0.013

Vendor

6

Pratah India

0.002

Vendor

7

The Leela Palace- New Delhi

8

Hunting Hawks

9

Dhruva Solutions Pvt Ltd

10

Noice elevator & engineering work (*)

11

Indus Hospital

Paid / Payable

0.002

Paid

0.711

Paid / Payable

0.002

Vendor

Vendor
0.000

Vendor

Payable

0.008

Vendor

Payable

0.000

Vendor

Paid
Total

(*) Figures "0.000" indicates values are in hundreds

362

0.009

Relationship
with the Struck
off companies

0.012
0.732

Vendor
0.037

[p.367]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Note: 2.15.4 Other Financial Liabilities

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

2.99

3.55

3.84

Deposits from Suppliers, Contractors

465.70

376.90

173.83

Capital Creditors

92.40

72.01

8.93

Other financial Liabilities (*)

558.19

444.47

335.18

1,119.28

896.93

521.78

Particulars
Unpaid Dividend

(*) NMDC has purchased a total quantity of 3036.19 wmt of coal from NMDC Steel Limited during the year 2022-23
and amount for ₹ 1.18 crore (PY ₹ 8.34 crore) is adjusted during the current year 2023-24 for Pellet Plant at Donimalai
Note : 2.16 Other Current Liabilities

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Contract Liabilities (Refer Note - 2.33.3 b)

852.94

860.09

1,068.65

Other Payables

63.54

58.10

46.68

Statutory Dues

2,110.64

1,418.83

1,520.97

Total

3,027.12

2,337.02

2,636.30

Particulars

Corporate Overview

Total

Figures as at
1st April 2022

Figures as at
1st April 2022

Note: 2.17.1 Provisions

Statutory Reports

(like withholding and other taxes payable, amounts
payable to employees and others)

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Accrued leave

0.88

0.63

0.74

Long service reward

1.73

2.35

2.35

Provision for gratuity, leave salary, family benefit
scheme and post employment medical benefits

34.97

21.76

12.03

Provision for unspent CSR (*)

217.71

99.12

Total

255.29

123.86

Particulars

Figures as at
1st April 2022

Others

15.12

(*) Provision for unspent CSR includes ₹ 150.92 crore for FY 2023-24 and ₹ 66.79 crore for FY 2022-23

363

Financial Statements

Employee Benefits :

[p.368]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Note: 2.17.2 Current Tax Liabilities (Net)

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Income Tax liability (net) (*)

233.56

-

Total

233.56

-

Particulars

Figures as at
1st April 2022

Liability related to FY 2021-22 (AY 2022-23) paid on 10th April 2024
Note: 2.18 Revenue from Operations

Particulars

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

21,049.47

17,447.39

Sale of Products (Domestic):
a) Iron Ore (*)
b) Gold (overseas)

11.27

c) Sale of Power

6.25

6.08

d) Sale of Services

1.84

42.13

e) Sales of Pellets

232.40

165.50

6.62

5.78

21,307.85

17,666.88

f) Other operating revenue
Total

(*) w.e.f 18th July 2023, Company has switched over to inclusive pricing for Iron Ore, accordingly Iron Ore sales are
reported in gross value
Note: 2.19 Other Income

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

On Deposits with Banks

922.19

416.26

Others

111.69

128.23

1,033.88

544.49

Gain in Exchange

0.13

1.49

Profit on sale/adjustment of assets

0.07

1.30

Profit on sale of Current investments( MUF)

0.22

4.90

336.58

216.04

1,370.88

768.22

Particulars
Interest Income:

Other non operating income
Total

364

[p.369]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Note: 2.20 Consumption of Raw Materials

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Iron ore

3.92

60.10

Lime Stone

1.72

1.08

Bentonet

1.52

1.02

Internal Handling of Raw Materials

13.81

8.39

Total

20.97

70.59

Particulars

Note: 2.21 Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods and Work in Progress

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Balance as at the beginning of the Year

0.90

2.30

Less: Balance as at close of the Year

28.08

0.90

(27.18)

1.40

Balance as at the beginning of the Year

2,369.63

1,887.25

Less: Balance as at close of the Year

2,400.28

2,369.63

(30.65)

(482.38)

Balance as at the beginning of the Year

0.43

0.70

Less: Balance as at close of the Year

13.58

0.43

(13.15)

0.27

Balance as at the beginning of the Year

28.60

12.98

Less: Balance as at close of the Year

50.98

28.60

(22.38)

(15.62)

(93.36)

(496.33)

Particulars

Corporate Overview

Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Work-in-process:

Statutory Reports

Finished Goods:

Finished Goods (Iron Ore lying at Pellet Plant):

Total

365

Financial Statements

Finished Goods: (Iron Ore Pellets)

[p.370]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Note: 2.22 Employee Benefit Expense

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

1,205.01

1,067.34

Providend Fund, FPS & DLI

63.76

56.06

Pension Fund

52.56

47.75

Group Gratuity Fund

9.14

9.18

Staff Welfare Expenses

295.07

350.24

1,625.54

1,530.57

Particulars
Salaries, Wages & Bonus
Contribution to Provident fund and other funds

Total
Note: 2.23 Power,Electricity and Water Charges

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Power charges

138.07

117.67

Electricity charges

24.65

22.69

Water charges

5.38

3.74

168.10

144.10

Particulars

Total
Note: 2.24 Repairs & Maintenance

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Buildings

79.03

53.64

Plant and Machinery

64.25

63.82

Vehicles

1.00

0.93

Others

102.06

91.62

Total

246.34

210.01

Particulars

Note: 2.25 Selling Expense

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Railway freight

-

4.65

Export duty

-

-

Infrastructure Development cess

35.03

30.14

Environmental Development cess

35.03

30.14

Other selling expenses

268.41

198.07

Total

338.47

263.00

Particulars

366

[p.371]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Note: 2.26 Finance Cost

INR in crore
Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

i) Interest on Short term Borrowings

71.34

68.30

ii) Interest - Others

6.63

6.69

iii) Interest on deposit from contractors, suppliers & others

0.27

0.24

78.24

75.23

Particulars

Total
Note: 2.27 Other Expenses

INR in crore

Rent

1.22

2.31

Insurance

10.54

12.00

Rates & Taxes

7.95

6.17

Directors' Travelling expenses

12.39

10.86

Directors, Sitting Fees

0.52

0.46

As audit Fee

1.12

0.71

For taxation matters

0.04

-

For Other Services

0.44

0.36

For reimbursement of expenses

0.03

0.07

Loss on sale/adjustment of Assets

0.79

1.21

Miscellaneous losses written off

6.44

3.69

Provision for doubtful debts/advances

2.18

13.02

Mine closure Obligation

145.84

174.15

Raising and Transportation

135.81

130.81

Local Area Development ( Towards SPV in Karnataka)

589.80

395.44

Particulars

Payment to Auditors (including branch auditors):

Compensation paid to Statutory Agencies

0.01

Entertainment

2.50

3.84

Travelling & Conveyance

90.72

68.43

Advertisement & Publicity

29.54

27.41

Postage, Telephone & Telex

4.42

3.43

Stationery & Printing

3.98

2.21

Consultancy charges

32.72

12.91

CISF/Security guards

223.78

221.38

367

Financial Statements

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Statutory Reports

Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Corporate Overview

Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

[p.372]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Figures as at the
end of current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures as at the
end of previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

0.39

0.60

Corporate Social Responsibility

197.07

186.70

Loss in Exchange variation (net)

0.51

0.15

Environmental Development

22.50

47.32

Expenditure on Enabling Assets for the compnay

175.09

154.06

Other expenses

143.76

131.33

1,842.110

1,611.03

(*) CSR Expenditure for the Year

197.07

186.70

CSR Expenditure as per Statutory obligation (incuding Unspent Provision
of ₹ 150.92 crore (PY ₹ 99.12crore)

197.07

186.70

-

-

Particulars
Safety expenses

Total

Note: 2.28 Exceptional Items

INR in crore

Particulars

Figures for
the current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures for
the previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Expenditure
Expenditure towards regularization of Forest Land of 111.941 Ha at
Donimalai Project, Karnataka (Refer Note - 2.35.8)

(282.15)

-

-

-

Add:
Income
i) Amount Received from Monitoring Company - towards 10% of the
amoount With held (**)

957.60

ii) Amount Received agaisnt disinvestment of NINL (***)

279.67

Total

(282.15)

1,237.27

(**) Amount Received from Monitoring Company - towards 10% of the amount With held for the period 1st Jan 2019
to 31.03.2022 for Amount of ₹ 957.60 crore, as per note no. 2.34.5. in PY 2022-23
(***) Amount received against Strategic Disinvestment of NINL in PY 2022-23.

368

[p.373]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Note: 2.29 Tax Expenses
Reconciliation of Effective Tax rate and Statutory tax Rate as on 31st March 2024

INR in crore

Figures for
the current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures for
the previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

Current Tax on profit for the year

2,117.62

1,664.65

Tax on discontinuing operations

(0.33)

(0.23)

Tax on OCI item

(12.81)

9.98

2,104.48

1,674.40

231.18

172.13

2,335.66

1,846.53

Decrease/(increase) in defferred tax assets

15.72

247.90

(Decrease)/increase in deferred tax liabilities

15.90

23.53

Total deffered tax expenses/(benefit)

31.62

271.43

2,367.28

2,117.96

Particulars
CURRENT TAX

Total current tax expenses
DEFERRED TAX

Particulars
Accounting profit before tax from continuing
operations

Amount
Rs. In crore

Tax ₹ In crore

Tax %

7,952.66
60.64

Profit/(loss) before tax from discontinued operations

(1.32)

Other Comprehensive Income

(50.91)

Total

7,961.07

Accounting profit before income tax

25.168

Income tax rate
Tax at Income tax rate

2003.64

Tax effect of amount not deductible in calculating
taxable income
CSR exp.

197.07

49.60

0.623

3.61

0.91

0.011

(32.99)

(8.30)

(0.104)

0.54

0.14

0.002

Other items

232.41

58.49

0.735

Taxable income

8,361.71

Current Tax on Profit for the year

2,104.48

2,104.48

26.43

Prov. For bad & doubtful exp.
Change in Depreciation
Increase in Doubtful Debt & Advances

369

Financial Statements

(Profit) / Loss of subsidiaries

Statutory Reports

Total Expenditure

Corporate Overview

Adj. of current tax for prior period

[p.374]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
NOTE 2.30 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

INR in crore
Figures for the current
reporting year
31st March 2024

Figures for the previous
reporting year
31st March 2023

i. Components & Spare parts

20.99

5.48

ii. Capital Goods

25.75

11.77

i. Consultancy charges

-

-

ii. Others

-

3.44

Particulars
2.30.1. Value of imports calculated on CIF basis:

2.30.2. Expenditure in foreign currency:

2.30.3. Particulars of consumption of raw material
Value

Raw material
a) Imported
b) Indigenous

Percentage

Value

Percentage

-

-

-

-

20.97

100

70.59

100

20.97

100

70.59

100

2.30.4. Particulars of consumption of Stores & spares:
Components & spare parts (including consumable stores)

Value

Percentage

Value

Percentage

a) Imported

1.85

0.28

1.69

0.30

b) Overseas

64.38

9.86

-

-

b) Indigenous

586.49

89.85

554.65

99.70

652.72

100.00

556.34

100.00

-

-

-

-

2.30.5. Foreign Exchange earnings :
2.31 Related Party Disclosures (IndAS-24)-:
i)

List of Related Parties:

Sl
No

A. Subsidiaries

Country of
incorporation

No. of Shares
Held

March 31, 2024

March 31, 2023

704,88,65,975

91.38%

90.02%

1

Legacy Iron Ore Limited

Australia

2

J & K Mineral Development
Corporation Limited

India

28,51,002

95.86%

95.86%

3

Karnataka Vijaynagar Steel Limited

India

1,00,000

100%

100%

4

NMDC-SARL, Madagaskar (Under
closure

Africa

41,85,590

100%

100%

5

NMDC-CSR Foundation

India

20,00,000

100%

100%

No. of Shares
Held

March 31, 2024

March 31, 2023

50

50%

50%

Sl
No

B. Joint Ventures

Country of
incorporation

1

Kopano-NMDC
Minerals(Proprietary) Limited

South Africa

2

Jharkhand National Mineral
Development Corporation Ltd.

India

6,000

60%

60%

3

NMDC-CMDC Ltd., Raipur

India

9,83,47,236

51%

51%

4

Bastar Railway Pvt. Ltd.

India

15,26,74,600

52%

52%

370

[p.375]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Sl
No

Country of
incorporation

C. Associates

No. of Shares
Held

March 31, 2024

March 31, 2023

Romelt-Sail(India) Limited (Under
closure)

Africa

1,05,000

25%

25%

2

International Coal Ventures (Pvt.)
Ltd.

India

37,88,59,405

25.94%

25.94%

3

Krishnapatnam Railway Company
Ltd.

India

4,00,00,000

6.40%

6.40%

4

Chhattisgarh Mega Steel Ltd.

India

13,000

26%

26%

D:

List of Government Nominee / Independent Directors as on 31/03/2024

1.

Smt. Sukriti Likhi			

- Government Nominee Director

2.

Shri. Abhijit Narendra		

- Government Nominee Director

3.

Shri. Vishal Babber			

- Independent Director

4.

Dr. Anil Sadashivrao Kamble		

- Independent Director

5.

Shri. Sanjay Singh			

- Independent Director

E:

Key Management Personnel: (Directors) as on 31/03/2024

Corporate Overview

1

Directors :
Shri. Amitava Mukherjee		

- CMD (Additional Charge), Director (Finance)

2)

Shri.Dilip Kumar Mohanty		

- Director (Production)

3)

Shri.Vishwanath Suresh		

- Director (Commercial) *

4)

Shri Vinay Kumar			

- Director (Technical)

* Under suspension w.e.f 19th January 2024 in terms of order of Ministry of Steel, Govt. of India
Company Secretary:		

Shri A.S Pardha Saradhi

The consolidated financial statements are drawn by considering unaudited financial statements of the abovementioned subsidiaries for the year ended 31/03/2024.

ii)

In respect of Associate companies, the consolidated financial statements are drawn by considering the
unaudited financial statements for the period ending 31/03/2024.

iii)

In respect of Joint Venture, the consolidated financial statements are drawn by considering the unaudited
financial statements for the period ending 31/03/2024.

iv)

NMDC has infused Nil (Previous year Nil) in NMDC CSR Foundation (NCF) a not-for -profit company. NMDC
CSR Foundation is a Not-for-Profit company (incorporated under Sec 8 of Companies Act, 2013. The company
is not being considered for consolidation in preparation of Consolidated Financial statements as per Ind-AS 110.

The following subsidiary/JV/Associate companies are not consolidated for the following reasons:
a)

NMDC – CSR Foundation is a Not-for-Profit company (incorporated under Sec 8 of Companies Act, 2013). The
company is not being considered for consolidation in preparation of Consolidated Financial statements as per
IND-AS 110.

b)

The accounts of the subsidiary company i.e. NMDC SARL, Madagaskar – as the company is under closure and
in the process of winding up.

c)

The accounts of the joint venture company i.e. Kopano-NMDC Minerals (Proprietary) Limited, South Africa – as
the company is under closure and in the process of winding up.

d)

The accounts of the associate Company Romelt – SAIL (India) Limited, New Delhi – as the company is in the
process of winding up and suffers from significant impairment in its ability to transfer funds to the investor.

371

Financial Statements

i)

Statutory Reports

1)

[p.376]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
ii)

Related Party Transactions:

INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURE COMPANIES
Particulars

(INR in crore)
Opening
Balance
01.04.2023

Additions

Deletions

Closing
Balance
31.03.2024

a) Investment:
Kopano-NMDC Minerals (Proprietary) Limited (₹ 324/-)

-

-

-

-

0.01

-

-

0.01

NMDC-CMDC Ltd, Raipur

98.35

-

-

98.35

Bastar Railway Pvt Ltd

152.67

-

-

152.67

Sub total

251.03

-

-

251.03

-

-

-

-

251.03

-

-

251.03

Jharkhand National Mineral Development Corporation Ltd

b) Investment Deration
Sub total
Total (Net)
LOANS AND ADVANCES TO JOINT VENTURES:
Particulars

(INR in crore)
Opening
Balance
01.04.2023

Additions

Deletions

Closing
Balance
31.03.2024

a. Loans & Advances:
Kopano-NMDC Minerals (Proprietary) Limited (₹ 324/-)

0.10

-

-

0.10

Jharkhand National Mineral Development Corporation Ltd

0.09

0.01

-

0.10

NMDC-CMDC Ltd, Raipur

55.61

-

-

55.61

-

-

-

-

55.80

0.01

-

55.81

Advances Deration- Kopano NMDC

0.10

-

-

0.10

Sub total

0.10

-

-

0.10

Total (Net)

55.70

-

-

55.71

Bastar Railway Pvt Ltd
Sub total
b. Loans & Advances Deration:

372

[p.377]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
INVESTMENT IN ASSOCIATE COMPANIES:
Particulars

(INR in crore)
Opening
Balance
01.04.2023

Additions

Deletions

Closing
Balance
31.03.2024

a) Investment:
Romelt-SAIL (India) Limited (under closure)

-

-

0.11

International Coal Ventures (Pvt) Ltd

378.86

-

-

378.86

Krishnapatnam Railway Company Ltd

40.00

-

-

40.00

0.01

-

-

0.01

418.98

-

-

418.98

Investment Deration- Romelt-SAIL Ltd

0.11

-

-

0.11

Sub total

0.11

-

-

0.11

418.87

-

-

418.87

Chhattisgarh Mega Steel Ltd
Sub total
b) Investment Deration:

Total (Net)
OTHER RECEIVABLES FROM ASSOCIATE COMPANIES:
Particulars

(INR in crore)
OB
01.04.2023

Additions

Deletions

CB
31.03.2024

International Coal Ventures (Pvt) Ltd

-

0.67

-

0.67

Sub total

-

0.67

-

0.67

International Coal Ventures (Pvt) Ltd

-

-

-

-

Sub total

-

-

-

-

Total (Net)

-

0.67

-

0.67

b) Other receivables Deration:

Statutory Reports

a) Other receivables:

iii)

Corporate Overview

0.11

Transaction with Entities under Common Control:
INR in Crore

Particulars

Opening
Balance

Additions

Deletions

Closing
Balance
31.3.2024

1.4.2023
a) Loans & Advances
NSL (NMDC Steel Limited)

2,542.93

250.04

204.25

2,588.72

Sub total

2,542.93

250.04

204.25

2,588.72

144.43

1,251.18

.

1,395.61

8.34

76.76

75.58

9.52

Sub Total

136.09

1,174.42

(75.58)

1,386.09

Total (Net)

2,679.02

1,424.46

128.67

3,974.81

b) Inter Company Sales
NSL (NMDC Steel Limited)
Less:
C) Inter Company Purchases
NSL (NMDC Steel Limited)

373

Financial Statements

A)

[p.378]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
B)

During FY 2023-24 an amount of ₹ 75.58 crore paid to NSL for sharing off water arrangement system for Slurry
Pipe line Project
INR in Crore
Particulars

As at
March 31, 2024

As at
March 31, 2023

Key Managerial Personnel:
Key Managerial Personnel Remuneration
iv)

3.18

4.04

Advance paid to Karnataka Vijaynagar Steel Limited (KVSL)
The company has paid an advance amount of ₹ 639.61 crores towards cost of 2857.54 acres of land handed
over by Karnataka Industrial Area Development Board (KIADB) for establishment of 3 MTPA integrated steel
plant. The KVSL (100% Subsidiary of NMDC) has received land allotment letter dated 13.07.2017 on a lease cum
sale basis and the land possession certificate dated: 11.01.2018 and revised possession certificate for 2843.98
acres vide letter dated 01.08.2018 from KIADB. Now, the land is under the possession of KVSL. However, the
lease agreement is yet to be entered between the parties.
As per the conditions of the Allotment, Construction shall commence within 9 months and production shall
commence within a period of 5 years from the date of taking over the possession. Meanwhile, KVSL has
requested KIADB / Government of Karnataka for extension of the Lease period up to 99 years which is under
review by Government of Karnataka. KIADB has agreed in principal for a period of 10 years in the place of
2 years. Considering the demerger of NSL, the company is exploring various business opportunities for the
aforesaid land and hence the proposal for acquisition of the equity of KVSL in lieu of advances paid is pending.
Considering these circumstances, the said advance has been classified under “Non-Current assets”. The
financial impact, if any, on NMDC is dependent on the final decision of the Government of Karnataka and mutual
agreement between KIADB / Govt of Karnataka and KVSL

V)

Employees outsourcing /deputing to NSL
The Company is seconding its personnel to entities under common control as per the terms and conditions
agreed between the companies. The cost incurred by the Company towards superannuation and employee
benefits are recovered from these companies.

374

[p.379]
B)
i)

ii)
iii)

A)
i)

iv)
5

ii)
iii)

A)
i)

4

iii)

B)
i)
ii)

ii)

2
A)
i)

1

Foreign
Kopano-NMDC Minerals
(Proprietary) Limited,
Johannesburg, South Africa
Consolidated Adjustment
Total

NMDC Limited (Equity
Holder as Parent)
Subsidiaries
Indian
JK Mineral Development
Corporation Limited,Jammu
Karnataka Vijaynagar Steel
Limited
Foreign
NMDC SARL,Madagaskar
Legacy Iron Ore
Ltd,Perth,Australia
Non-controlling Interests in
all subsidiaries
Associates (Investment as
per the equity method)
Indian
Romelt-Sail(India)Limited,
New Delhi.
International Coal Ventures.
Krishnapatnam Railway
Co.Ltd,Secunderabad.
Chattisgarh Mega Steel Ltd.
Join Ventures (Investment
as per the equity method)
Indian
Jharkhand National Mineral
Development Corporation
Ltd,Ranchi
NMDC-CMDC Ltd.,Raipur
Bastar Railway Pvt
Ltd(BRPL)

Particulars

50

51
52

60

26

25.94
6.4

25

100
91.38

100

95.86

0.309%

79.24
25,672.91

Equity Method

Equity Method

Equity Method
Equity Method

Equity Method
Equity Method

Equity Method

Equity Method

Equity Method
Equity Method

Equity Method

17.01

197.31

(3.18)

(6.24)

-0.04%
0.01%

-

-

-0.14%
0.16%

0.08%

-0.87%

-0.01%

-0.23%

5,575.06

(2.28)
0.59

(7.660)
8.970

4.190

(48.66)

(0.58)

(12.84)

5,633.32

Amount
(₹ crore)

Share in profit or loss

As % of
consolidated Profit &
Loss
25,405.78
101.05%

Amount
(₹ crore)

Equity Method
Equity Method

Equity Method

Equity Method

Equity Method
Equity Method

Equity Method

0.066%

0.769%

-0.012%

-0.024%

98.96%

As % of consolidated net
assets

Net Assets
(i.e Total assets minus Total
liabilities)

Financial Statements

Sl.
No.

Proportion
of ownership
interest as on
31st March
2024

Statutory Reports

375

-

-

-

-76.58%
-

-

3.62%

-

-

172.96%

As % of
consolidated

(22.03)

-

-

-

16.87
-

-

(0.80)

-

-

(38.10)

Amount
(₹ crore)

Share in other
comprehensive income

Corporate Overview

2.31.1 (i) Additional Information as required by schedule III of Companies Act 2013

-0.04%
0.01%

0.00%

0.00%

0.17%
0.16%

0.08%

-0.89%

-0.01%

-0.23%

100.76%

As % of total
comprehensive income

5,553.03

(2.28)
0.59

-

-

9.21
8.97

4.19

(49.45)

(0.58)

(12.84)

5,595.22

Amount
(₹ Crore)

Share in total
comprehensive income

NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Notes to CFS - contd.

[p.380]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
2.31.1 (II)
STATEMENT CONTAINING SALIENT FEATURES OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT OF SUBSIDIARIES / ASSOCIATE
COMPANIES / JOINT VENTURES (FORM AOC-1)
Part "A": Subsidiaries
Information in respect of each subsidiary to be presented with amounts in ₹
Sl.
No

Particulars

1

Details
1

2

3

4

5

J&K Mineral
Development
Corporation
Limited
Jammu

NMDC SARL *
Madagascar

Legacy Iron Ore
Limited, Perth,
Australia.

Karnataka
Vijaynagar
Steel Limited,
Karnataka

NMDC CSR
Foundation
(**)

19.05.1989

27.07.1999

20.04.2007

29.12.2014

10.05.2018

2

Name of the subsidiary

3

Date since when
subsidiary was
acquired

4

Reporting period
for the subsidiary
concerned, if different
from the holding
company's reporting
period

April- March

Jul-June

April- March

April- March

April- March

5

Reporting currency
and Exchange rate as
on the last date of the
relevant Financial year
in the case of foreign
subsidiaries.

Rupees

MGA

AUD

Rupees

Rupees

6

Share Capital

29,74,00,300

7

Reserves & Surplus

(35,98,63,612)

8

Total Assets

20,87,24,502

9

Total Liabilities

10

Investments

11

Turnover

12

Profit before taxation

13

Provision for taxation

14

Profit after taxation

15

Proposed Dividend

16

% of Shareholding

10,00,000

5,24,70,31,105

10,00,000

2,00,00,000

(3,27,39,21,087)

(3,27,91,337)

2,53,17,651

76,40,72,266

2,40,68,76,130

6,39,64,45,708

4,57,73,301

27,11,87,813

76,30,72,266

43,37,66,112

6,42,82,37,045

4,55,650

(12,84,03,322)

-

(48,65,52,747)

(58,08,556)

(2,85,956)

(12,84,03,322)

-

(48,65,52,747)

(58,08,556)

(2,85,956)

95.86%

100%

91.38%

100%

100%

* Amount is taken as MGA
** NMDC CSR Foundation is a Not-for-Profit company (incorporated under Sec 8 of Companies Act, 2013. The
company is not being considered for consolidation in preparation of Consolidated Financial statements as per Ind-AS
110
Notes: The following information shall be furnished at the end of the statement:
1. Names of subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations - All the subsidiary companies are yet to commence
operations
2. Names of subsidiaries which have been liquidated or sold during the year : NIL

376

[p.381]
-

i.Considered in
Consolidation

ii.Not Considered in
Consolidation

-

-

-

29.48

Financial Statements

377

-

-

-

0.00

26%

1,30,000

14.07.2016

13,000

31.03.2023

Chhatishgarh
Mega Steel
Limited

-

-

-

-

25%

10,50,000

02.09.1999

1,05,000

RomeltSail (India)
Limited

Statutory Reports

1. Names of associates or joint ventures which are yet to commence operations.
* NMDC CMDC Limited, Raipur
* Chhatishgarh Mega Steel Limited
* Jharkhand National Mineral Development Corporation Limited, Ranchi
* Bastar Raiway Pvt. Limited
2. Names of associates or joint ventures which are under closure
· Romelt-SAIL (India) Ltd. - Under closure.
· Kopano-NMDC Minerals (Proprioetary) Limited - Under closure.
2. Names of associates or joint ventures which have been liquidated or sold during the year- NIL

-

8.Profit /Loss for the year

7.Networth attributable to
share holding as per latest
audited Balance sheet (₹ In
Crore)

6.Reason why the associate
/ joint venture is not
consolidated
659.55

6.40%

25.94%

5.Description of how there
is signficant influence

Extent of Holding %

40,00,00,000

3,78,85,94,050

4. Amount of Investment in
Associates / Joint Venture

13.10.2006

4,00,00,000

14.01.2009

37,88,59,405

2.Shares of Associate/
Joint Ventures held by the
company on the year end

31.03.2023

Krishnapatnam Railway
Company
Limited

3. Date on which the
Associate or Joint Venture
was associated or acquired

31.03.2023

International
Coal Ventures
(Pvt) Ltd.

1.Latest Audited Balance
Sheet Date

Name of Associates/Joint
Ventures

-

-

-

-

50%

324

01.09.2010

50

28.2.2018

* KopanoNMDC Minerals
(Proprioetary)
Limited

-

-

-

91.05

51%

98,34,72,360

19.06.2008

9,83,47,236

31.03.2023

-

-

-

-

60%

60,000

06.08.2012

6,000

31.03.2023

Jharkhand
National
NMDC CMDC
Mineral
Limited, Raipur Development
Corporation
Limited, Ranchi

Joint Venture

Corporate Overview

Associates

Statement pursuant to Section 129 (3) of the Companies Act, 2013 related to Associate Companies and Joint Ventures

Part "B": Associates and Joint Ventures

-

-

-

152.25

52.00%

1,52,67,46,000

05.05.2016

15,26,74,600

31.03.2023

Bastar Raiway
Pvt. Limited

NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Notes to CFS - contd.

[p.382]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
2.32. Contingent liabilities and Commitments (to the extent not provided for)
A.

Contingent liabilities
INR in crore

Sl.
No.

Particulars

As at
31-03-2023

Additions

1.1

Claims against the company not acknowledged as debts consisting of:

a

Common Cause notice of the District Collector,
Dantewada

b

Deletions

As at
31-03-2024

1,623.44

-

-

1,623.44

GST and Service Tax

260.22

368.66

2.48

626.40

c

Property Tax

105.85

127.27

-

233.12

d

Forest Permit Fee

144.62

-

-

144.62

e

Export Tax

30.89

1.78

-

32.67

f

Income Tax

30.26

1.64

-

31.90

g

Others taxes

169.57

1.60

3.20

167.97

h

Claims by contractors under arbitration

i

i.

On capital account

130.93

6.24

9.00

128.17

ii.

On revenue account

1.03

-

-

1.03

166.47

22.52

6.54

182.45

2,663.28

529.71

21.22

3,171.77

Other claims on company not acknowledged as
debts
Total

Sl.
No.

Particulars

1.2

Contingent liability on bills discounted/ LCs/BG’s

31-Mar-2024
1,387.35

31-Mar-2023 Restated
(Refer Note-2.35.13)
1,341.50

The Company’s pending litigations comprise claims against the company and proceedings pending with Tax/
Statutory/Government Authorities. After review of all its pending litigations and proceedings, the company has
made adequate provisions wherever required and disclosed under Contingent liabilities wherever applicable, in
the financial statements. The Company does not expect the outcome of these litigations/proceedings to have a
material impact on its financial position.
1.3

Disputed claims under ‘ Karnataka Forest Act:
Government of Karnataka had introduced Forest Development Tax (FDT), to pay @ 12% on the sale value of iron
ore with effect from 27.08.2008. NMDC preferred an appeal before Hon’ble High Court of Karnataka and the
court passed an interim order directing the Company to pay 50% of FDT, consisting of 25% in cash and balance
25% in the form of Bank Guarantee.
The total implication @12% was ₹ 487.37 crores. Department has issued a demand notice for ₹ 121.84 crores
(25% of 12%) towards FDT along with interest to the tune of ₹ 17.93 crores towards interest for delayed
payment and sough Bank Guarantee for equivalent amounts. NMDC has paid ₹ 139.77 crores in cash and
submitted B.G for equivalent amount.
Hon’ble High Court of Karnataka vide order dated 03.12.2015 has quashed the orders of Government of
Karnataka levying the FDT and ordered refund of the tax collected within three months and accordingly the
Company has lodged refund claims. However, Government of Karnataka has filed a Special Leave Petition with
Hon’ble Supreme Court of India, challenging the orders of Hon’ble High Court of Karnataka. Hon’ble Supreme
Court of India has accepted the same and imposed stay on refund of the FDT amount.
Against total liability of ₹ 523.22 crores (FDT ₹ 487.37 crores plus interest of ₹ 35.85 crores) NMDC has
collected an amount of ₹ 253.99 crores ( ₹ 150.28 crores in cash and ₹ 103.71 crores in B.G) and balance ₹
269.23 crores is recoverable from the customers which is shown under contingent liability i.e ₹ 129.46 crores
under disputed claims at 1.1.g and ₹ 139.77 under 1.2.

378

[p.383]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
B.

Commitments: (INR in crore)

Sl.
No.

Particulars

1.1

Estimated Amount of contracts remaining to be executed on
Capital account

1.2

Other commitments- commitments to subsidiaries and JV

As at
31-Mar-2024

As at
31-Mar-2023

3,231.05

3,252.42

Nil

Nil

2.33 DISCLOSURES UNDER ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF DEFINED/CONTRIBUTORY BENEFIT PLANS :

Pension Fund
scheme

The company’s contribution to the defined contribution pension scheme is remitted to a separate
trust based on a fixed percentage of the eligible employees’ salary. Company's liability is limited to
the extent of fixed contribution.

2.33.1 . B

Defined Benefit Plan

1. Provident
fund

The company’s contribution to the provident fund is remitted to a separate trust based on a fixed
percentage of the eligible employees’ salary. Further, the company makes good the shortfall, if
any, between the return from investments of trust and the notified rate of interest on actuarial
valuation basis.

2. Gratuity

Eligible amount of Gratuity is paid to the employees on separation as per The Payment of Gratuity
Trust as per Gratuity Act . The gratuity scheme is funded by the company and managed by NMDC
Group gratuity Trust. The liability for the gratuity under the scheme is recognised on the basis of
actuarial valuation.

3. Settlement
Allowance

Employees are paid eligible amount at the time of retirement for their settlement by the NMDC
Employees Superannuation Benefit Fund Trust. The liability for the same is recognised on the
basis of the actuarial valuation.

4. Post
Retirement
Medical
Facilities

Retired employees opting for the Post Retirement Medical Benefit Scheme on contribution of
prescribed amount can avail medical benefits as per the Scheme. The liability under the scheme
is recognised on the basis of the actuarial valuation and the liability is funded to and managed by
NMDC Employees Superannuation Benefit Fund Trust.

2.33.1 . C

Other Long Term employee Benefits

1. Family
Benefit
Scheme

Monthly payments to disabled separated employees/legal heirs of deceased employees on
deposit of prescribed amount, till the notional date of superannuation and the liability is funded
to NMDC Employees Superannuation Benefit Fund Trust. The liability under the scheme is
recognised on the basis of the actuarial valuation

2. Long
Employees are presented with an award in kind on rendering prescribed length of service. The
Service Award liability under the scheme is recognised on the basis of the actuarial valuation.
3. Accrued
Leave Salary

Encashment of accumulated leave payable as per the rules of the Company to the employees on
separation is made by NMDC Employees Superannuation Benefit Fund Trust. The liability under
the scheme is recognised on the basis of the actuarial valuation. The liability is funded to and
managed by NMDC Employees Superannuation Benefit Fund Trust

379

Financial Statements

Defined Contribution Plan

Statutory Reports

2.33.1 . A

Corporate Overview

2.33.1 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS AS PER Ind - AS-19

[p.384]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
2.33.1 . D . OTHER DISCLOSURES :
i) Provident fund :
The company has obtained Actuarial valuation in accordance with Ind AS 19 of its Provident Fund and there is no
shortfall in the funds managed by the trust as on 31st March 2024. The present value of obligation, the fair value of
the plan assets and other key assumptions are summarised below.
Year ended
31.3.2024

Particulars

Year ended
31.3.2023

Fair Value of Plan Assets at end of year

1,995.87

1,806.71

Defined Benefit Obligation at end of year

1,988.54

1,802.81

Discount Rate

7.22%

7.50%

Guaranteed Rate of return

8.25%

8.15%

Interest Rate declared by the Trust ( Expected)

8.25%

8.15%

Investments of Provident Fund
% of Investment

Particulars

31/3/ 2024

31/3/ 2023

Government Securities Bonds

61.61%

63.18%

Debt Insturments

28.84%

29.68%

Equity related Investments (MUF)

9.55%

7.14%

100.00%

100.00%

Total
ii) Other defined benefit plans :

(₹ in crore)

Gratuity

Accrued
Leave Salary
(including Half
Pay leave)

Settlement
Allowance

Post
retirement
medical
facilities

Family
Benefit
Scheme

Long
Service
Award

Present value of obligation at the
beginning of the year

359.37

253.32

18.91

559.43

51.41

47.71

Interest cost

26.30

18.55

-

38.93

-

3.32

Current service cost

9.65

31.71

-

31.08

-

2.10

-

-

-

-

-

-

(33.40)

(14.41)

(0.60)

(49.62)

(10.40)

(0.35)

Actuarial gain/loss on obligation

(6.69)

(14.74)

(1.18)

(30.66)

12.47

(15.95)

Present value of obligation at the
end of the year

355.23

274.43

17.13

549.16

53.48

36.83

355.23

274.43

17.13

549.16

53.48

36.83

25.41

20.10

-

38.99

-

2.76

Particulars
A. Changes in the present value
of obligation for the year ended
31st March 2023

Past service cost
Benefits paid/payable

31st March 2024
Present value of obligation at the
beginning of the year
Interest cost

380

[p.385]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Family
Benefit
Scheme

Long
Service
Award

9.42

71.70

-

32.37

-

1.43

-

-

-

-

-

-

(32.74)

(12.86)

(1.37)

(64.60)

(13.04)

(1.33)

Actuarial gain/loss on obligation

10.35

(65.72)

3.99

16.00

24.41

(1.15)

Present value of obligation at the
end of the year

367.67

287.65

19.75

571.92

64.85

38.54

Fair value of plan assets at the
beginning of the year

353.02

257.98

47.00

591.22

39.37

-

Expected return on plan assets

25.35

19.80

3.48

40.23

1.81

-

7.15

0.01

-

-

12.04

-

(33.40)

(14.41)

(0.60)

(49.62)

(10.40)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

352.12

263.37

49.88

581.83

42.82

-

Fair value of plan assets at the
beginning of the year

352.12

263.37

49.88

581.83

42.82

-

Expected return on plan assets

25.64

20.27

3.70

45.72

4.25

-

Contributions

3.76

11.06

-

-

10.66

-

(32.74)

(12.86)

(1.37)

(64.60)

(13.04)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

348.78

281.84

52.21

562.95

44.69

-

Present value of the obligations at
the end of the year

355.23

274.43

17.13

549.16

53.48

36.83

Fair value of plan assets at the
end of the year

352.12

263.37

49.88

581.83

42.82

-

3.11

11.06

(32.75)

(32.67)

10.66

36.83

Present value of the obligations at
the end of the year

367.67

287.65

19.75

571.92

64.85

38.54

Fair value of plan assets at the
end of the year

348.78

281.84

52.21

562.95

44.69

-

Particulars
Current service cost
Past service cost
Benefits paid/payable

B. Changes in the fair value of the
Plan Assets for the year ended
31st March 2023

Contributions
Benefits paid/payable
Actuarial gain/loss on plan assets
Fair value of plan assets at the
end of the year
31st March 2024

Benefits paid/payable
Actuarial gain/loss on plan assets
Fair value of plan assets at the
end of the year
C. Amounts recognised in the
Balance sheet as on
31st March 2023

Liability(+)/Asset (-) recognised in
the balance sheet
31st March 2024

381

Financial Statements

Post
retirement
medical
facilities

Statutory Reports

Settlement
Allowance

Corporate Overview

Gratuity

Accrued
Leave Salary
(including Half
Pay leave)

[p.386]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.

Gratuity

Accrued
Leave Salary
(including Half
Pay leave)

Settlement
Allowance

Post
retirement
medical
facilities

Family
Benefit
Scheme

Long
Service
Award

18.89

5.81

(32.46)

8.97

20.16

38.54

9.65

31.71

-

31.08

-

2.10

-

-

-

-

-

-

Interest cost

26.30

18.55

-

38.93

-

3.32

Expected return on plan assets

(25.35)

(19.80)

(3.48)

(40.23)

(1.81)

-

Net actuarial gain/loss recognised
in the year (OCI)

(6.69)

(14.74)

(1.18)

(30.66)

12.47

(15.95)

3.91

15.73

(4.66)

(0.88)

10.66

(10.53)

9.42

71.70

-

32.37

-

1.43

-

-

-

-

-

-

25.41

20.10

-

38.99

-

2.76

(25.64)

(20.27)

(3.70)

(45.72)

(4.25)

-

Net actuarial gain/loss recognised
in the year (OCI)

10.35

(65.72)

3.99

16.00

24.41

(1.15)

Total

19.54

5.81

0.29

41.64

20.16

3.04

Particulars
Liability(+)/Asset (-) recognised in
the balance sheet
D. Amounts recognised in the
Statement of P&L for the year
ended
31st March 2023
Current service cost
Past service cost

Total
31st March 2024
Current service cost
Past service cost
Interest cost
Expected return on plan assets

E. PRINCIPAL ACTUARIAL ASSUMPTIONS :
DESCRIPTION

2023-2024

2022-2023

2021-2022

i. Discount Rate

7.22%

7.50%

7.32%

ii. Mortality Rate

IALM (2012-14) Till age
60 and IIAMT (2012-15)
Thereafter

IALM (2012-14) Till age
60 and IIAMT (2012-15)
Thereafter

IALM (2012-14) Till age
60 and IIAMT (2012-15)
Thereafter

iii. Medical Cost Trend rates

6%

5%

5%

iv. Withdrawal rate

1%

1%

1%

6.50%

6.50%

6.50%

iv. Future salary increase

i) The discount rate adopted above is based on market yields at the balance sheet date on government bonds.
ii) In line with the report of the 3rd Pay Revision Committee, the ceiling of gratuity enhanced from ₹ 10 lakhs to ₹ 20
lakhs for provision of gratuity

382

[p.387]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
F. Sensitivity analysis
The sensitivity of the defined benefit obligation to changes in the weighted principal assumption is :
a) Gratuity

(₹ in crore)
1% Decrease

1% Increase

1% Decrease

31/3/ 2024

31/3/ 2024

31/3/ 2023

31/3/ 2023

A Effect of 1% Change in the Assumed Discount Rate

338.67

401.28

316.81

372.60

1. Effect on DBO (%)

(7.89)

9.14

(7.50)

8.00

A Effect of 1% Change in the Assumed Salary Rate

376.97

356.60

355.58

327.97

2.53

(3.01)

3.80

(4.30)

376.87

357.24

348.62

335.85

2.50

(2.84)

1.70

(2.00)

2. Effect on DBO (%)
A Effect of 1% Change in the Assumed Attrition Rate
3. Effect on DBO (%)
b) Accrued Leave Salary

(₹ in crore)
1% Decrease

1% Increase

1% Decrease

31/3/ 2024

31/3/ 2024

31/3/ 2023

31/3/ 2023

A Effect of 1% Change in the Assumed Discount Rate

221.96

242.55

247.96

270.48

1. Effect on DBO (%)

(4.20)

4.70

(4.10)

4.60

A Effect of 1% Change in the Assumed Salary Rate

243.85

220.56

270.56

247.68

5.20

(4.80)

4.60

(4.30)

231.70

231.82

258.63

258.74

-

-

-

-

2. Effect on DBO (%)
A Effect of 1% Change in the Assumed Attrition Rate
3. Effect on DBO (%)
c) Accrued Leave Salary (Half Pay Leave)

(₹ in crore)
1% Decrease

1% Increase

1% Decrease

31/3/ 2024

31/3/ 2024

31/3/ 2023

31/3/ 2023

A Effect of 1% Change in the Assumed Discount Rate

51.60

60.85

14.88

16.73

1. Effect on DBO (%)

(7.70)

8.90

(5.60)

6.20

A Effect of 1% Change in the Assumed Salary Rate

61.15

51.27

16.73

14.87

2. Effect on DBO (%)

9.40

(8.30)

6.10

(5.60)

A Effect of 1% Change in the Assumed Attrition Rate

55.84

55.95

15.76

15.76

3. Effect on DBO (%)

(0.10)

0.10

-

-

d) Post Retirement Medical Facilities

(₹ in crore)
+100 Basic
Points

-100 Basic
Points

+100 Basic
Points

-100 Basic
Points

31/3/ 2024

31/3/ 2024

31/3/ 2023

31/3/ 2023

A Effect of Change in the Assumed Discount Rate

475.28

701.76

450.88

683.20

1. Effect on DBO (%)

(16.90)

22.70

(17.90)

24.41

A Effect of Change in the Medical inflation Rate

705.34

471.27

686.49

447.06

2. Effect on DBO (%)

23.33

(17.60)

25.01

(18.59)

Particulars

383

Financial Statements

1% Increase

Particulars

Statutory Reports

1% Increase

Particulars

Corporate Overview

1% Increase

Particulars

[p.388]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
e) Long Service Award Scheme

(₹ in crore)

Particulars

31/3/ 2024

31/3/ 2024

31/3/ 2023

31/3/ 2023

+100 Basic
Points

-100 Basic
Points

+100 Basic
Points

-100 Basic
Points

A Effect of Change in the Assumed Discount Rate

34.77

42.95

33.29

41.00

1. Effect on DBO (%)

(9.76)

11.45

(9.64)

11.29

1% Increase

1% Decrease

1% Increase

1% Decrease

A Effect of 1% Change in the Gold Rate

42.67

34.93

40.75

33.43

2. Effect on DBO (%)

10.73

(9.36)

10.62

(9.26)

f) Defined benefit liability

(₹ in crore)

The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation is 5 years for Leave encashment benefit, 10 years
for gratuity scheme as on 31 March 2024. The expected maturity analysis of gratuity and compensated absences is
as under :
Less than
a year

Between
2 - 5 years

between
5 -10 years

Over
10 years

Total

31 March 2024
Gratuity scheme

34.60

128.87

134.74

69.46

367.67

Accrued leave salary

43.25

129.22

59.29

-

231.76

Accrued Leave Salary (Half Pay Leave)

5.22

20.36

21.94

8.00

55.89

Post retirement medical benefits

17.01

80.09

131.99

342.83

571.92

-

0.90

-

37.64

38.54

100.08

359.44

347.96

457.93

1,265.78

Long Service Award Scheme
Total

(₹ in crore)
The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation is 6.99 years for Leave encashment benefit, 9.47
years for gratuity scheme as on 31 March 2023. The expected maturity analysis of gratuity and compensated
absences is as under :
Less than
a year

Between
2 - 5 years

between
5 -10 years

Over
10 years

Total

31 March 2023
Gratuity scheme

37.75

135.56

144.43

37.49

355.23

Accrued leave salary

50.08

144.95

63.65

-

258.68

Accrued Leave Salary (Half Pay Leave)

1.57

7.82

6.36

-

15.75

Post retirement medical benefits

15.67

71.59

116.85

345.05

549.16

-

1.54

35.29

36.83

105.07

361.46

417.83

1,215.65

Long Service Award Scheme
Total

384

331.29

[p.389]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Investments of Gratuity Funds
Particulars

% of Investment
31/3/ 2024

31/3/ 2023

Insurance Funds with LIC

100%

100%

Total

100%

100%

Investments of Post Retirement Medical Banefit Scheme

Insurance Investments

% of Investment
31/3/ 2024

31/3/ 2023

99.99%

99.99%

Cash at Bank

0.01%

0.01%

Total

100%

100%

Investments of Family Benefit Scheme
Particulars

Total

% of Investment
31/3/ 2024

31/3/ 2023

100.00%

100.00%

100%

100%

Investments of Leave Encashment
Particulars
Insurance Investments
Total

% of Investment
31/3/ 2024

31/3/ 2023

100.00%

100.00%

100%

100%

Particulars
Insurance Investments with LIC
Total

% of Investment
31/3/ 2024

31/3/ 2023

100.00%

100.00%

100%

100%

g) Risk exposure:
Through the defined benefit plans, the Company is exposed to a number of risk, the most significant of which are
detailed below.
i) Investment Risk
Most of the plan asset investments are in government securities, other fixed income securities with high rating
grades and mutual funds/ ETFs ( Exchange Traded Funds). The fair value of these assets is subject to volatility due
to change in interest rates and other market & macro-economic factors. There is also a risk of asset liability matching
i.e the cash flow for plan assets does not match with cash flow for plan liabilities.

385

Financial Statements

Investments of Settlement Allowance

Statutory Reports

Insurance Investments

Corporate Overview

Particulars

[p.390]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
ii) Change in discount rate:
The present value of defined benefit plan liabilities is calculated using a discount rate which is determined by
reference to government bond's' yields at the end of the reporting period. A decrease (increase) in discount rate will
increase ( decrease) present values of plan liabilities, although this will be partially offset by an increase in the value
of the plans' investments.
iii) Mortality rate risk
The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to the best estimate of the
mortality of plan participants both during and after their employment. As increase in the life expectancy of the plan
participants will increase the plan's liability.
iv) Salary escalation risk
The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to the future salaries of plan
participants. As such, an increase in the salary of the plan participants will increase the plan's liability.
v) Turnover rate/Withdrawal rate of employee
If the actual employee withdrawal rate in the future turns out to be more or less than expected then it may result in
increase/decrease in the liability.
2.33.2. Segment Reporting as per Ind - AS-108
A. Basis for segmentation
An operating segment is a component of the company that engages in business activities from which it may earn
revenues and incur expenses and for which discrete financial information is available. All operating segments’
operating results are reviewed regularly by the Board of Directors to make decisions about resources to be allocated
to the segments and assess their performance.
The company has two reportable segments, as described below, which are the company's strategic business units.
These business units offer different products and services, and are managed separately because they require
different technology and marketing strategies. For each of the business units, the company’s Board reviews internal
management reports on a periodic basis. Iron Ore being major segment contributes about 98.79% of total revenue of
the company and all other items consisting of Iron Ore Pellets, Loading services, Wind Power sales, Gold contribute
to 1.20% of total revenue
The following summary describes the operations in each of the company's reportable segments:
B. Information about reportable segments
Information regarding the results of each reportable segment is included below. Performance is measured based on
segment profit (before tax), segment revenue and segment capital employed as included in the internal management
reports that are reviewed by the board of directors. Segment profit is used to measure performance as management
believes that such information is the most relevant in evaluating the results of certain segments relative to other
entities that operate within these industries. Inter-segment pricing is determined on an arm's length basis.
C. Description and Type of Products under each segment:
Iron Ore - Extract and Sale of Iron Ore
All other segments:
Pellets - Manufacturing of Iron Ore Pellets
Wind Power - Generation and sale of Power to BESCOM
Loading Services - Loading of Iron Ore in to wagons / trucks
Information about major customers:
Revenue from three customers of Iron Ore Segment contributes to 56% of Company's revenue from Iron Ore Sales
Measurement of operating segment profit or loss, assets and liabilities:
The Accounting policies of operating segments are same as those described in the Material Accounting Policy
Information of the Company.
Repotable Segments

386

[p.391]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Business Segments

Particualrs

(₹ in crore)
Iron Ore

All other Segments
(Pellets, Other
Minerals & Services)

Other reconciliation
items

Grand Total

Current

Previous

Current

Previous

Current

Previous

Current

Previous

External Sales

21,049.47

17,459.83

256.63

205.39

1.75

1.66

21,307.85

17,666.88

Inter-Segment
Sales

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Total Revenue

21,049.47

17,459.83

256.63

205.39

1.75

1.66

7,756.87

7,593.00

(203.89)

(154.08)

(123.25)

149.49

1.REVENUE

2. RESULT
Segment Result

7,588.41

Unallocated
Corporate Exps

(434.03)

(411.11)

Operating Profit

6,995.70

7,177.30

Finance Cost

(78.24)

(75.23)

Interest Income

1,033.88

543.63

Income Taxes

(2,380.09)

(2,107.98)

4.19

(1.10)

Share of
associates

(0.38)

64.84

Net Profit

5,575.06

5,601.46

Non-controlling
Interest

3. OTHER
INFORMATION
14,755.35

14,613.55

452.40

456.22 20,453.28

14,883.15

35,661.03 29,952.92

Segment Liabilities

5,897.75

5,224.89

90.38

41.33

3,999.99

2,051.64

9,988.12

7,317.86

Tangible Assets

369.67

269.32

33.73

0.55

11.91

13.25

415.31

283.12

Intangible Assets

79.37

254.24

23.37

-

19.00

6.42

121.74

260.66

ROU Assets

2.88

0.56

-

-

-

0.00

2.88

0.56

305.75

258.76

14.45

33.10

39.22

44.32

359.42

336.18

-

-

(8.76)

-

-

-

(8.76)

-

2.45

10.49

5.46

0.28

0.71

5.94

8.62

16.71

Additions to
assets during the
year :

Depreciation and
Amortisation
expenses during
the year
Impairment
reversal/provided
Non-Cash
expenses other
than
Depreciation &
amortization

387

Financial Statements

Segment Assets

Statutory Reports

7,429.73

Corporate Overview

21,307.85 17,666.88

[p.392]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Geographical Segments
Sales Revenue by location of Customers:

(INR in crore)

Revenue from External customers

Curr. Year

- Domestic

Prev. Year

21,293.81

17,666.88

- Export : Through MMTC

0.00

0.00

-Overseas (Australia)

14.04

0.00

21,307.85

17,666.88

Total
Assets by Geographical Location:
Location

(INR in crore)
Carrying amount of

Additions to Tangible and

Segment Assets

Intangible Assets

Curr. Year

Prev. Year

Curr. Year

Prev. Year

Chattisgarh

13,091.48

11,514.32

338.81

259.62

Telangana & Andhra Pradesh

20,460.27

14,871.25

29.53

6.67

2,072.79

3,517.00

114.73

269.08

21.55

26.50

37.10

0.52

Karnataka
Others
Overseas (Australia)
Total

14.95

23.84

19.76

7.89

35,661.03

29,952.92

539.93

543.78

Note No. 2.33.3
Disclosures – Revenue (Ind AS 115)
a) Disaggregated revenue information
Set out below is the disaggregation of the Company’s revenue from contract with customers
Segment

(INR in crore)
Year ended
31st March 2023

Year ended
31st March 2024

Type of goods or service
Sale of goods
-Iron ore

21,049.47

17,447.39

-Sponge iron

-

-

-Diamonds

-

-

-Gold (overseas)

11.27

-

-Sale of pellets

232.40

165.50

-Sale of power

6.25

6.08

1.84

42.13

6.62

5.78

Total revenue from contracts with customers

21,307.85

17,666.88

India

21,293.81

17,666.88

14.04

-

21,307.85

17,666.88

21,306.01

17,624.75

1.84

42.13

21,307.85

17,666.88

Sale of services
-Sale of services
Others
Other operating revenue

Outside India (overseas)
Total revenue from contracts with customers
Timing of revenue recognition
Goods transferred at a point in time
Services transferred over time
Total revenue from contracts with customers

388

[p.393]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Set out below, is the reconciliation of the revenue from contracts with customers with the amounts disclosed in the
segment reporting
(INR crore)
31-Mar-24
Particulars

Sale of
goods

Sale of
services

INR crores

External customer

21,306.01

Inter-segment
Total revenue from contracts with customers

Sale of
goods

1.84

17,624.75

42.13

-

83.06

-

21,306.01

Sale of
services

83.06
1.84

17,624.75

b) Contract balances

42.13
(INR crore)

Segment
Trade receivables
Contract assets
Contract liabilities

31-Mar-24

31-03-2023

3,508.93

4,361.23

-

-

852.94

860.09

Contract assets are generally recognised in case of supply of services only when the receipt of money is conditional
on milestone even after satisfaction of performance obligation.In case of sale of goods, directly receivable is
recognised as company has unconditional right to payment from the moment performance obligation is satisfied.
Contract liabilities includes advance received from customer which will be adjusted towards supply of goods or
services.

Statutory Reports

Trade receivables are non-interest bearing. As on March 2024, ₹ 1,905.67 crore (March 2023: ₹ 1,905.13 crore) was
recognised as provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables.

Corporate Overview

Revenue

Inter-segment adjustment and elimination

31-Mar-23

2.33.4: Accounting policies, change in Accounting Estimates and Errors (As per Ind-AS 8):
I.

Review of Accounting Policies

Para (G) (ii) of the notification:
In paragraph 10, in item (e), for the words “significant accounting policies”, the words “material accounting
policy information” shall be submitted.
Further Para (G) (iv) of the notification states that:
“An entity shall disclose material accounting policy information. Accounting policy information is material if,
when considered together with other information included in an entity’s financial statements, it can reasonably
be expected to influence decisions that the primary user of general purpose financial statements make on the
basis of those financial statements”.
Accordingly, the significant accounting policies of NMDC Standalone Financial Statements (SFS) are reviewed
in the current financial year 2023-24 in line with the amendments as per the above said notification and only
Material Accounting Policy information is given. The changes made in the Accounting policies have no financial
implication on the financial of F.Y 2023-24.

389

Financial Statements

Ministry of Corporate Affairs vide notification dt. 31.03.2023 has made the following amendments to the
existing IND AS vide Companies (Indian Accounting Standard) Amendment Rules, 2023. These amendments
to the extent relevant to the Company’s operation include amendment to IND_AS 01 (Presentation of Financial
Statements) which requires the entities to disclose their material accounting policies rather than significant
accounting policies which is reproduced below:

[p.394]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
2.33.5 Earnings per share (IND AS-33)-: The details are as under:
Particulars
1. Profit after Tax (INR in Crore)
2. No of Equity shares

Year ended
31-MAR-2024

31-MAR-2023

5,575.06

5,601.46

293,06,05,850

293,06,05,850

1

1

19.02

19.11

3. Nominal value per Equity share (₹)
4. Basic and Diluted Earnings per share (₹)

2.33.6 Accounting for Deferred Taxes on income (Ind-As-12): Necessary details have been disclosed in note no: 2.5.
2.33.7 Discontinuing Operations (IndAS-105) :
Silica Sand Project, Lalapur
On 25/02/2008 the Board of directors had announced a plan to dispose-off the plant and machinery of Silica Sand
Project, Lalapur which is included in the segment of “Other minerals and services.” Pending disposal, the unit is kept
under care & maintenance.
Screening Plant:
Board of director in its 525th meeting held on 10th December 2019 approved the termination of Screening Plant
operation located at Vizag.
INR in crore

Details are as below:
Particulars

As at 31-Mar-2024

As at 31-Mar-2023

Silica Sand Project, Lalapur
Carrying value of Assets

0.18

0.29

-

0.90

Carrying value of Assets

0.72

0.72

Carrying value of liabilities

0.17

0.17

Carrying value of liabilities
Screening Plant -Vizag

The following statement shows the revenue and expenses of discontinued operations:

INR in crore

For the year ended
31-Mar-2024

For the year ended
31-Mar-2023

Other income

-

-

Total Revenue

-

-

0.28

0.32

Repairs and Maintenance

-

-

Depreciation & Amortisation

-

-

Other expenses

1.04

0.59

Total Expenses

1.32

0.91

(1.32)

(0.91)

Particulars
A. Revenue
Revenue from operations

B. Expenses
Power, Electricity and Water

C. Profit(+)/Loss(-) from discontinued operations before tax (A-B)

390

[p.395]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
2.33.8 Intangible Assets (IndAS-38) : R&D
The Research & Development expenditure, charged to Statement of Profit & Loss during the year is ₹ 23.36 crore
(previous year ₹ 29.43 crore). It includes R&D net expenditure of ₹ 23.07 crores (PY ₹ 28.64 crores) and expenditure
of ₹ 0.29 crores (PY ₹ 0.79 crores) on feasibility studies.
The amount of revenue expenditure incurred at Research & Development unit, Hyderabad is as under:
INR in crore
Head of account

2023-24

2022-23
0.28

0.15

Power, Electricity & Water

0.29

0.78

Employee benefit expense

14.76

17.41

Repairs and Maintenance

1.57

2.26

Other expenditure

4.62

8.92

Depreciation & Amortisation

3.47

3.08

Total expenditure

24.99

32.60

Less : Other income

1.92

3.96

Total net R&D expenditure

23.07

28.64

2.33.9 Joint Ventures (IndAS-28) Jointly Controlled entities:
Sl
no

Country of
Incorporation

Name of the Joint Venture

Proportion
of ownership
2023-24

Proportion
of ownership
2022-23

1

Kopano-NMDC Minerals (Proprietary) Limited

South Africa

50%

50%

2

NMDC CMDC Limited, Raipur

India

51%

51%

3

Jharkhand National Mineral Development Corporation
Limited, Ranchi

India

60%

60%

4

Bastar Railway Pvt Ltd

India

52%

52%

The impairment of assets has been reviewed during the year in respect of the following cash generating units,
included under the segment ‘Other Minerals and Services’. The Assets considered for reverse impairment in this
financial year is ₹ 8.76 crore (PY impairment ₹ 1.92 crore):
INR in crore
Unit

Year of
impairment

Impaired
Amount as on
01-04-2023

Adjustments during 2023-24
Reversal

Deletion

Addition

Impaired
Amount as on
31-03-2024

SSP, Lalapur

2005-06

12.54

--

-

--

12.54

SAF Plant at Sponge Iron Unit

2004-05

15.48

-

-

-

15.48

SIIL- Paloncha

2019-2020

3.37

-

-

-

3.37

SIIL- Paloncha

2021-2022

4.40

-

4.40

DMP, Panna

2021-2022

9.35

6.84

-

-

2.51

DMP Panna

2022-2023

1.92

1.92

-

-

-

47.06

8.76

-

-

38.30

Total

391

Financial Statements

2.33.10 Impairment of Assets (IndAS – 36):

Statutory Reports

During the year, at R&D unit, the additions to tangible assets (except land and buildings) are ₹ 1.13 crore. (Previous
year ₹ 0.85 crore).

Corporate Overview

Consumption of Stores and Spares

[p.396]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
1.

The Recoverable amount of the assets of SSP,
Lalapur unit has been arrived at considering the
‘value in use’. Since the value in use has resulted in
negative cash flows, the recoverable amount has
been taken as nil without applying any discount
rate.

continuation of operation from Hon’ble Supreme
Court of India for 20 years, Company requires
Environment Clearance from MOEF & CC for
resumption of operations for which company filed
applications in September 2018 and expected from
MOEF & CC by September 2023.

2.

In the case of SAF plant at the Sponge Iron Unit,
the impairment is based on fair value as assessed
by the approved Valuer.

Considering the above company has impaired the
Fixed Assets and CWIP ₹ 8.76 crores up to F.Y
2022-23.

3.

In case of SIIL plant, Impairment is based on the
assessed fair value.

4.

As per the MMDR Amendment Act, 2015,
Supplementary Mining Lease of Panna was
extended for a period of 50 years from the initial
grant i.e. up to 30.06.2020. Consequently, Forest
Clearance was extended up to lease validity
as per MoEF&CC Circular dated 01.04.2015.
After extension of supplementary mining
lease by Government of Madhya Pradesh up to
30.06.2040, the Forest Clearance has also been
extended up to 30th June 2040 vide letter no.
F-5-11/2021/10-3 dated 6th January 2021 issued by
Forest Department, Madhya Pradesh. However, the
operation is stalled for want of wildlife clearance.
Since the unit is not in operation since 01.01.2021.
During the year 2022-23, though the company
has secured the permission on 30.11.2022 for

During the current financial 2023-24, the project
received the environmental Clearance from
MoEFCC on 22.02.2024 & started the mining
operation on 11.3.2024. Considering the current
position of the company, the impairment made
up to 31st March 2023 for ₹ 8.76 (including ₹ 2.84
crore pertaining to CWIP) crore is reversed during
the current financial year 2023-24.
2.33.11 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and
Contingent Assets (IndAS-37) :
Necessary details in regard to provisions have been
disclosed in notes 2.14.4, 2.17.1 & 2.32.
2.34: Disclosure as required under Regulation 34(3)
and 53(f) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015
2.34.1 Loans and advances in the nature of loans
to Subsidiaries/Jvs’/Associates where there is no
repayment schedule or no interest:
INR in crore

Name of the Subsidiary

Maximum Balance outstanding
As at 31-Mar-2024

As at 31-Mar-2023

25.82

24.39

NMDC Power Ltd, Hyderabad

-

-

Jharkhand Kolhan steel Limited

-

-

642.69

642.44

-

-

J&K Mineral Development Corporation Limited, Jammu

Karnataka Vijayanagar Steel Limited
NMDC Steel Limited
NMDC CSR
Total
Advances derated / Provision made - JKMDC

-

-

668.51

666.83

25.82

24.39
INR in crore

Name of the Joint Venture

Maximum Balance outstanding
As at 31-Mar-2024

As at 31-Mar-2023

Kopano-NMDC Minerals (Proprietary) Limited

0.10

0.10

Jharkhand National Mineral Development Corporation Ltd.

0.10

0.09

NMDC-CMDC Ltd., Raipur

55.61

55.61

-

-

Total

55.81

55.80

Advances derated / Provision made - Kopano

0.10

0.10

Bastar Railway Pvt. Ltd.

392

[p.397]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Name of the Associates

Maximum Balance outstanding
As at 31-Mar-2024

As at 31-Mar-2023

Neelachal Ispat Nigam Ltd

-

84.27

Total

-

84.27

2.34.2 There are no Investments by the loanees as
mentioned in 2.34.1 in the shares of NMDC Ltd.

2.35. Others:
1.34.1 Income Tax :
a)

b)

Current tax assets (net) (note no 2.9) including
an amount of ₹ 109.60 crores (PY 302.12 crores)
receivable from Income Tax Department under
Vivad se Vishwas (VSV) , towards settlement of all
disputed income tax cases up to assessment year
2017-18.

1.34.2 Treatment expenditure incurred on Assets not
owned by the Company:
During the year an amount of ₹ 0.91 crore (PY₹ 2.33 crore), ₹ 170.58 crore (PY. ₹ 140.50 crore) and
₹ 3.60 crores (PY ₹ 11.23 crore) is utilised by Railways
for the doubling of Railway line between Jagdalpur
to Ambagaon and Kirandul to Jagdalpur and for
upgradation of In motion Weigh Bridge & other railways
assets respectively and the total amount of
₹ 175.09 crore (PY. ₹ 154.06 crore) is included in “Other
Expenses“.

2.35.4 Transactions with NSL (NMDC Steel Limited):
The demerger scheme of arrangement between NMDC
Limited (NMDC) and NMDC Steel Limited (NSL) and
their respective shareholders and creditors involving
demerger of NMDC Iron & Steel Plant ( NISP ) from
NMDC was duly sanctioned by the Ministry of Corporate
Affairs (“MCA”) vide its order dated 6th October 2022.
The Company received the Order on 11th October 2022
and filed the same with the concerned Registrar of
Companies on 13th October 2022. Hence, the Scheme
is operative from 13th October 2022 (Effective Date).
The Appointed Date of the Scheme is 1st April 2021.
Accordingly, with effect from the Appointed Date, the
entire Demerged Undertaking of NMDC Limited has
been transferred and vested into NMDC Steel Limited.
As per the scheme of demerger, NMDC shall act in
trust for NSL (earlier known as NISP). Accordingly,
the expenditure incurred by NMDC on behalf of NSL
amounting ₹ 2,502.64 crores is shown under “NonCurrent Assets – Other Financial Assets”. This amount
has arisen on account of demerger (with different
Appointed date and Effective date) as per the scheme
approved by the MCA with no specific timelines
for repayment of the said amount in the scheme.
Accordingly, this is classified under “Non-current
Assets”. Further, this transaction is unique in nature and
not a regular transaction in the course of business. In
the absence of a repayment schedule in the scheme
and having regard to the fact that NSL is in its first
year of commercial operations, the timing of cash flow
is uncertain and is not practicable for the company

393

Financial Statements

After completion of assessment under section
143 (3) of IT Act, NMDC has received a notice of
demand U/s 156 of the IT Act on 13.03.2024, by
disallowing expenditure of ₹ 879.60 crores , with
a tax implication of ₹ 233.56 crores (including
interest). NMDC has filed appeal on 10.04.2024
before CIT (A) against the above demand by
paying total demand under protest. The above
demand of ₹ 233.56 crores is shown under earlier
year’s tax expenses in the accounts of FY 202324. The net impact in the earlier year tax expenses
including adjustment pertaining to other cases is
₹ 231.18 crores.

Gross value of Spare parts, stand by equipment and
service equipment meeting the definition of PPE
capitalised during the Year 2023-24 is ₹ 75.26 crore (PY
₹ 79.07 crore).

Statutory Reports

For the A.Y 2022-23 (FY 2020-21), Company has
filed return with refundable amount of
₹ 288.09 crore and same is received by NMDC
on 20.05.2023 as per the intimation u/s 143 (1).
Due to demerger of the units (NISP), Company
filed modified return on 30.05.2023 by paying the
amount of ₹ 26.34 crores which was received in
excess as per intimation u/s 143(1). Hence, net
refund received by NMDC is ₹ 261.75 crores.

As per Ind AS 16, items such as spare parts, stand by
equipment and service equipment are to be capitalized
when they meet the definition of PPE and are expected
to be used for more than one accounting year. After
review of the inventory values and its consumption
patterns in the major production Units, Company based
on materiality has fixed a threshold limit of ₹ 20 Lakhs
for such spare parts, stand by equipment and service
equipment meeting the definition of PPE. On issue of
said PPE, the WDV is allowed to be depreciated over
the life of the main asset or the life of the equipment
whichever is less.

Corporate Overview

2.34.3: There are no loans and advances in the nature
of loans to firms/companies in which directors are
interested except as stated above.

2.35.3 Property, Plant & Equipment (PPE)

[p.398]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
to estimate the timing of recovery of these amounts
at this point of time and hence, discounting has not
been applied. In view of the expected scaling up of
operations, resulting in positive cashflow of NSL from FY
2024-25, the management of the company is confident
of the ultimate recovery of these amounts.
2.35.5 Dues from Monitoring Committee- Donimalai
complex in Karnataka:
The total trade receivables from Monitoring Committee
as on 31st March 2024 is ₹ 1889.83 crores (PY- ₹
2,907.91 crores). This includes ₹ 22.18 crores towards
long pending dues for supply of LG Fines to Pellet plant
and ₹ 1,867.65 crore towards 10% of sales proceeds
retained by Monitoring Committee for the period prior to
1st April 2019.
Hon’ble Supreme Court of India vide its interim order
dated 22nd February 2023 directed KMERC to refund
10% amount collected for the period from 1st January
2019 to 31st January 2023. Accordingly, NMDC received
an amount of ₹ 1326.84 crore, from KMERC on 20th April
2023.
As the Supreme court order was dated 28.02.2023,
NMDC Limited has contributed additional 10%
amounting to ₹ 24.52 crore during the month of Feb’23
to MC. MC in turn has remitted the amount to KMERC.
The matter is communicated to M/s KMERC along with
documentary evidence for refund of the same. However,
M/s KMERC has advised during the month of Nov’ 23 to
await for further orders of Hon’ble Supreme court.
During 2023-24, Hon’ble Supreme Court of India vide
its final order dated 14th March 2024 rejected the
prayer of NMDC to refund the 10% amount retained
by MC pertaining to the period prior to 31st December
2018. However, clarified that NMDC will be liable to pay
contribution to the SPV @ 10% of the sale proceeds
w.e.f. 1st January 2019 and thereafter. Any excess
amount above 10%, collected/paid by NMDC on and
w.e.f 1st January 2019 will be refunded.
Accordingly, KMERC has refunded ₹ 24.52 crore
additional SPV paid during the month of Feb’23, on 29th
April 2024.
As NMDC is in the process of filing revision petition
before the Hon’ble court against the above order, the
dues recoverable from MC for the period prior to 31st
December.2018 ₹ 1867.65 crore and the equal amount of
ECL are continued in books of Accounts.
2.35.6 Amount Recovered by Monitoring Committee:
Monitoring Committee has recovered an amount of ₹
124.77 crore against the sale of DIOM LG fines during
the year 2011-12 to 2017-18 which has been protested
by NMDC and filed Revision Application with Mines
Tribunal on 08.07.2022. This has been shown as Amount
paid under protest.

394

2.35.7 Common Cause Judgement for Bailadila Sector:
The Company had received Show Cause Notices
dated July 31, 2018 from Dist. Collector, South Bastar
Dantewada as to why NMDC should not be asked to
deposit an amount of ₹ 7,241.35 Crores as compensation
computed by the District Collector based on the
Common Cause Judgement related to Orissa Iron ore
mines (Writ Petition Civil No 114 of 2014 dated August
02, 2017) by Hon’ble Supreme Court. The Company has
been contesting the said Show Cause Notices with Dist.
Collector, South Bastar Dantewada on the ground that
the said judgement is not applicable to NMDC.
Subsequently, the Company had received revised show
cause notices dated September 26, 2019 with revised
amount of ₹ 1,623.44 Crores from the District Collector,
South Bastar, Dantewada. NMDC while reiterating the
fact of non-applicability of the Hon’ble Supreme Court
Judgement in the state of Chhattisgarh, sought time
for replying to the show cause notices. Further to this,
the Office of Dist. Collector, South Bastar, Dantewada
had issued demand notices dated November 15, 2019
for the amount of ₹ 1,623.44 Crores (i.e., Bacheli - ₹
1,131.97 Crores and Kirandul ₹ 491.47 Crores) to be
deposited within 15 days of the notice. Considering
that the Mining Leases of the company in the State
of Chhattisgarh were due for renewal from March 31,
2020, the Company had paid an adhoc amount of ₹ 600
Crores under protest and had also filed writ petition in
the Hon’ble High Court of Bilaspur, Chhattisgarh and
a Revision application with Mines Tribunal, Ministry of
Mines, Government of India, New Delhi praying to set
aside the demand notices.
Hon’ble High Court of Bilaspur has heard the matter
on February 19,2020 and sought certain clarifications
from the respondent and directed ‘no coercive action till
March 12, 2020 and listed the case for March 12, 2020.
However due to the COVID-19 pandemic, no further
hearings could take place then. Revision application with
Mines Tribunal, Ministry of Mines, Government of India
New Delhi was heard on March 09, 2022 wherein the
representatives of State Government of Chhattisgarh
were directed to file comments/ para wise reply.
Thereafter, hearing was held on June 28, 2023 wherein Mines Tribunal expressed that comments / para wise
replies of the State Government of Chhattisgarh are
not yet received by the tribunal. Subsequent hearing
was held on September 13, 2023 where-in Mines
Tribunal advised NMDC to collect the comments/
replies of the State Government of Chhattisgarh
and submit the Comments of NMDC. Accordingly,
NMDC has persuaded with the State Government of
Chhattisgarh and obtained copy of the comments of
State Government on October 23, 2023. Recent hearing
took place on January 10, 2024, where in NMDC has
requested time to file a rejoinder affidavit to the counter
reply filed by the State Government of Chhattisgarh.

[p.399]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Accordingly matter has been adjourned and awaiting
for next date of hearing by Mines Tribunal for filing the
rejoinder.
Since the above matter is sub-judice, pending the final
judgement, the amount of ₹ 600 Crores paid under
protest is reported under “Other Non-Current Assets”
and the demand amount of ₹ 1,623.44 crores has been
considered as “Contingent Liabilities”.

2.35.9 Allotment of Coal Block
Tokisud North Coal Mine
Ministry of Coal declared NMDC as a successful
allottee for Tokisud North coal mine, in Jharkhand, on
16.12.2019. Allotment Agreement is signed on 24.12.2019
and Allotment order issued on 17.08.2020.

Sl
No.

Particulars

2.35.10 Sale of Iron Ore to Pellet Plant at
Kumaraswamy, Karnataka:
W.e.f Oct-22 NMDC-DIOM/KIOM is selling the Iron Ore
to Pellet Plant directly based on the order of Hon’ble
Supreme Court dt. 20.05.2022 and accounting the same
as Inter Unit Sales. The Inter Unit sales, consumption
and inventory is eliminated during consolidation and Iron
Ore lying at Pellet Plant is valued at cost.
The details are mentioned hereunder:
Qny (wmt)

2023-24

Amount (₹ in Crore)

2022-23

2023-24

2022-23

1

Iron Ore-Inter Unit Revenue

3,52,071.89

88,110.87

131.11

32.00

2

Consumption of RM @ PPT

(299535.03)

(85,995.90)

(108.02)

(31.12)

3

RM inventory @ PPT

(52536.86)

(2,114.97)

(23.08)

(0.88)

-

-

-

-

Total

2.35.11 Review for Impairment of Investment in Legacy Iron Ore Ltd, Australia (LIOL):
The total investment of the Company in LIOL is ₹ 319.64 crore as on 31.3.2024. This is 91.38% of the total
shareholding of the Company. This investment in Legacy was reviewed for impairment with reference to Ind AS 36.
Legacy Iron has started gold mining operations from Nov -2023 in three tenements of Mt. Celia. Further, Legacy
has raised capital through right issue in the month of February’ 2024, with the recent capital raising, the board of
Legacy has approved aggressive exploration plan at mt. Celia and other gold tenements aiming to achieve significant

395

Financial Statements

NMDC paid the fixed Cost of ₹ 303.72 crores (PY₹ 303.72 crore), upfront amount of ₹ 21.60 crore
(PYRs.21.60 crore) and other ₹ 6.31 crore up to
31.03.2024. All the amounts paid up to 31.3.2024 are
included under Capital Advances (Note 2.6). NMDC
submitted a Bank guarantee of ₹ 71.09 crore (PY ₹ 71.09

Ministry of Coal declared NMDC as a successful allottee
for Rohne Coal Mine, in Jharkhand, on 17.03.2020.
Allotment Agreement of the coal mine is signed on
17.02.2021 and allotment order issued on 18.06.2021.
NMDC paid, as on 31.03.2024, the fixed Cost of
₹ 40.02 crores (PY ₹ 40.02 crore), upfront amount of
₹ 33.16 crore (PY ₹ 33.15 crore), ₹ 1.01 crore (PY 1.01)
towards NPV & CA charges for exploration, ₹ 0.97 crore
towards DGPS Survey charges and ₹ 95.62 crore to
Jharkhand CAMPA for Stage 1 FC transfer from Rohne
Coal company to NMDC and others ₹ 0.86 crore up to
31.03.2024. All the amounts paid up to 31.3.2024 are
included under Capital Advances (Note 2.6). Company
has submitted a Bank guarantee of ₹ 405.17 crore
(PY ₹ 405.17 crore) Pending execution of lease deed.
Company has obtained Transfer of Environmental
clearance and Forest Clearance (Stage-I). Company is
in the process of compling conditions given in stage-I
forest clearance. Company has initiated process of
acquisition of land under CB(A&D) Act 1957 & Section 4
notification issued on 12.12.2023.

Statutory Reports

During the financial year 2023-24, Ministry of
Environment, Forest and Climate Change of India
(MoEF&CC) has accorded in-principle approval (stage-I)
for diversion & regularization of 98.438 Ha (96.868 ha
+ 2.57 Ha) of Forest Land outside the mine lease of
Donimalai Iron Ore Mine under Forest conservation Act,
1980. The demand made by the department towards
penal charges and interest of ₹255.40 crores is paid.
Further, company has reviewed and identified an
area of 12.503Ha for regularisation with an estimated
implication of ₹32.88 crore (NPV – ₹1.54 cr, CA – ₹4.59
cr, Interest & penal charges – ₹26.75 cr) and ₹26.75
crores towards interest and penal charges and same is
accounted in the books. Total amount of ₹282.15 crores
representing penal charges and interest is charged
to the Statement of Profit and Loss and shown as
Exceptional Item.

Rohne Coal Mine

Corporate Overview

2.35.8 : Regularization of Forest Land at Donimalai Iron
Ore Project

crore) pending execution of lease deed. Mine Developer
cum Operator (MDO) has been appointed on 16.09.2021.
Company has obtained Transfer of Environmental
clearance and Forest Clearance (State-II). Out of the
total 263.89 Ha of freehold land vested to NMDC, due
to CNT related issues District Authority has cancelled
registration of 233.57 Ha of land. Hence, NMDC has
initited process of acquisition of land under CB (A&D)
Act 1957, Section 4 notification issued on 21.02.2024

[p.400]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
addition in the existing resources.
Legacy Iron Ore Limited is an active exploration
company with a diverse portfolio. For an exploration
company, the future cash flows are from the exploration
tenements which have been recognised as assets ie.,
Exploration and Evaluation (E&E) Assets. LIOL E&E
assets as on 31.03.2024, after transfer of exploration
expenses of ₹ 11.05 crore (representing 18% interest) to
Hancock pertaining to Mount Bevan tenements, is
₹ 98.65 crores (Previous year ₹ 87.60 crores).
Further the quoted price of LIOL share as on 31.03.2024
is AUD $ 0.015 (Previous year AUD $0.015) with a
market capitalisation of AUD 105.73 million (Previous
year AUD 96.07 million). The market capitalisation of
the company is more than its net assets of AUD 35.50
million (Previous AUD 24.85 million) as on 31.03.2024.
NMDCs share of Market cap @ 91.38% to approx.
₹ 587.44 crores (Previous year ₹ 476.06 crores) which
is more than the investment of ₹ 319.64 crore (Previous
year ₹ 214.70 crores) in LIOL.
Legacy has a JV agreement with for Mt.Bevan Iron ore
project, partnering with Hancock Prospecting Pty Ltd
(HPPL) which is a mining giant in Australia with rich

experience of developing green field iron ore projects.
This has opened pathway for Legacy to develop its Iron
Ore project. It is informed by JV partner that they have
completed exploratory drilling activities and progressing
towards completion PFS.
During the financial year the company also entered into
a new JV agreement (Other minerals) with HPPL for
lithium and other mineral exploration at Mt Bevan.
It is also noted that, Legacy is having a cash reserve of
AUD 16.22 million which makes the company self-reliant
to fund its day-today operation.
In view of above no impairment is considered for
Goodwill as well as Investment in LIOL for the current FY
2023-24.
2.35.12 CSR Expenditure:
a)

Gross amount required to be spent by the
company during the year is ₹ 197.07 crore (2% of
the last three years average PBT ₹ 9853.56 crore),
(Previous Year ₹ 186.70 crore (2% of the last three
years average PBT ₹ 9334.85 crore).

b)

Disclosure in respect of the expenditure on
Corporate Social Responsibility activities
INR In Crore

Sl No.

Particulars

2023-24

2022-23

A

Amount required to be spent by the corporation during the year

197.07

186.70

B

Amount spent during the year

46.15

87.58

C

Shortfall at the end of the year (closing provision)

150.92

99.12

D

Amount spent during the CY against outstanding provision FY 2022-23

-

33.35

E

Interest Accrued during the year 2023-24

-

1.02

F

Unspent CSR expenses carry forward to next Financial Year

150.92

66.79

Particulars

In Cash

1. Construction/ Acquisition of any assets
2. On purpose other than (1) above

Yet to be paid in cash

Total

-

-

-

46.15

-

46.15

c)

Provision of ₹ 150.92 crore ( Previous year ₹ 99.12 crore) is created for the short fall and shown under Schedule
No. 2.17 provision for unspent CSR

d)

Total of previous year shortfall

:Rs. 66.79 crore for FY 2022-23

						

₹ 150.92 crore for FY 2023-24

e)

Reason for shortfall : The shortfall for FY 2023-24 ₹ 150.92 crore (PY 2022-23 ₹ 66.79 crore) from the
stipulated and prescribed spend is on account of delay in certain projects due to certain limitations faced by
state authorities. However, the shortfall has been allocated against the specific projects and would be spent as
per the provisions of companies Act 2013.

f)

Nature of CSR activities: The corporation undertakes impactful social projects which are in lignment with the
areas specified under Schedule VII of the companies Act 2023 of which the company takes up CSR projects
largely in the projects related to Education, Health & Hygiene, Nutrition, Drinking Water, Rural Development, Skill
Development and Income Generation, Promotion of Sports, Protection of Cultural and Heritage, Food Relief &
Natural Calamities, Environment & Others.

396

[p.401]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
g)

Details of related party transaction: Nil

h)

Where a provision is made with respect to
a liability incurred by entering a contractual
obligation:, the movement in the provision during
the year should be shown separately. : Nil

2.35.13 Bill Discounting:

The Company had been presenting the trade
receivables net of amount discounted and was
disclosing the amount of bills discounted under
contingent liabilities for possibility of recourse to the
company in the Financial Statements. During the year,

Accordingly, the Company has changed the accounting
and presentation of the amount received from bills
discounting which is outstanding as at 31st March
2024 as current borrowings from the financial year
2023-24 and corresponding changes in the previous
periods have also been carried out. The changes in the
presentation do not have any impact on the Statement
of Profit and Loss as well as Statement of Changes in
Equity of the Company for all the reported periods.

Corporate Overview

In accordance with IND AS 8 “Accounting Policies,
Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors” and
IND AS 1 “Presentation of Financial Statements”, the
Company has retrospectively restated Balance Sheet as
at 31st March 2023 and 1st April 2022 (beginning of the
preceding period) and Statement of Cash Flow for the
year ended 31st March 2023 for the following reason:

an opinion has been pronounced by Expert Advisory
Committee (EAC) of Institute of Chartered Accountants
of India (ICAI) stating that the bills discounted having
recourse to the Company should not be adjusted from
the trade receivables, instead should be disclosed under
borrowing – current financial liabilities. The Company
has evaluated implementation of the EAC opinion thus
presenting the amount realised through bills discounting
(outstanding as on 31st March 2024 with Bank) under
financial liability as current borrowings instead of netting
off from trade receivables.

2.35.14 Breakup of Royalty and other levies expenditure:
Particulars

1

Royalty

2

2023-24

2022-23

3,271.97

2,843.46

District Mineral Foundation Fund

981.59

853.04

3

National Mineral Exploration Trust Fund

65.44

56.75

4

Additional Royalty (22.50% premium)

4,894.74

3,971.39

5

Other levies

0.39

0.40

9,214.13

7,725.04

Total
2.35.15 Chigargunta-Bisanatham gold block

NMDC had progressed with the project after making
the upfront payments as per the Auction Guidelines. On
completion of Joint DGPS Survey of the Gold Block and
the revised Pre-feasibility report with the actual land
types and draft mining plan, it was noted that there is
major variation in the land types vis-a-vis the auction
tender Document. Additionally, the project had several
uncertainties impacting capex and thus making the gold
Project marginal with significant downsides.
The company decided to surrender the LOI to DMG of
Andhra Pradesh and has communicated the same in 8th
December 23. NMDC vide letter dated 3rd March 2024
has requested the Director, Department of Mines and

Geology to return the original Bank Guarantee of ₹ 12.39
crore.
2.35.16 Forest Transit Fee at Bailadilla Sector
State Government of Chhattisgarh has issued
notification for levy of ₹ 7/- per ton as Transit permit
fee for issue of Transit permits, vide notification dated
14.06.2002. Based on the above, in the year 2012,
Unit has received a demand notices dated 23.11.12 for
₹ 144.63 crore (₹ 79.52 crore for Bacheli and ₹ 65.11
crore for Kirandul) from DFO, Dantewada by levying
Transit Fee on the dispatches made for the period from
14.06.2002 to 31.10.2012.Against the above, NMDC has
filed the case in the Hon’ble High Court of Chhattisgarh
on the ground of retrospective levy which is not valid
in law and also for the reason that transit passes were
not issued by the Forest Department and the transit
passes were never demanded at the time of actual
transit. Further, in terms of Long-Term Agreement with
the customers, the transit fee is to be borne by the
customers. However, for un-interrupted dispatches
from the mines, the company has paid the demanded
amount of ₹ 144.63 crore under Protest (₹ 48 crore in
December 2022 and ₹ 96 crore in Feb 2023) to the

397

Financial Statements

Company had secured the Letter of Intent (LOI) on
07.10.2022 for Chigargunta-Bisanatham Gold block
for 262.01 hactor of land through the Mineral Auction
of Andhra Pradesh held in July, 2018. For the above
purpose a performance bank guarantee of ₹ 12.39 crore
valid upto 2nd April 2028 had submitted to Director,
Department of mines and Geology Government of
Andhra Pradesh.

Statutory Reports

Sl. No

[p.402]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
State Government of Chhattisgarh. In view of the above
and based on the legal opinion obtained, the amount
is presented in the books of accounts as amounts
recoverable. Since the case is in sub-judice, the same is
being disclosed under contingent liability.
2.35.17
a)

No funds have been advanced / loaned /
invested (either from borrowed funds or from
share premium or from any other sources /
kind of funds) by the Company to any other
person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities
(Intermediaries), with the understanding (whether
recorded in writing or otherwise) that the
Intermediary shall:

(i)

directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons
or entities identified in any manner whatsoever
by or on behalf of the Company (Ultimate
Beneficiaries) or

(ii)

provide any guarantee, security or the like on
behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries

b)

No funds have been received by the Company
from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign
entities (Funding Parties), with the understanding
(whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that
the Company shall (i) directly or indirectly, lend or
invest in other persons or entities identified in any
manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding
Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or (ii) provide any
guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the
Ultimate Beneficiaries

2.35.18(A) Audit Trail:
Proviso to Rule 3(1) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules,
2014 (hereinafter referred as “the Account Rules”)
states that for the financial year commencing on or
after the 1st day of April 2023, every company which
uses accounting software for maintaining its books of
account, shall use only such accounting software which
has a feature of recording audit trail of each and every
transaction, creating an edit log of each change made
in the books of account along with the date when such
changes were made and ensuring that the audit trail
cannot be disabled.
The amendments require every company that uses
an accounting software to use such software that
has a feature of audit trail which cannot be disabled.
The management has a responsibility for effective
implementation of the requirements prescribed by
account rules i.e., every company which uses an
accounting software for maintaining its books of
account, should use only such accounting software
which has the following features.
a.

Records an audit trail of each and every
transaction, creating an edit log of each change
made in the books of account along with the date
when such changes were made; and

398

b.

Ensuring that audit trail is not disabled.
The Company has implemented SAP S/4 HANA
ERP during FY 2020-21 and started maintaining its
books of account in the same. Audit trail has been
enabled throughout the year at application level
for the key tables which is an industry standard
process. Access to database is restricted only to
the admin who can log in via HANA studio and
it is secured. Activity log of what has been done
by admin is maintained, however audit log at
database level by default is not enabled, having
regard to the performance and storage of SAP
system. Company is in the process of carrying
out a study of the database growth, storage &
computing requirement with impact assessment
for enabling audit trail logs at database level.

B. Bastar Railway Private Limited (BRPL):
Bastar Railway Private Limited (BRPL) is a Joint
Venture Company of NMDC, SAIL, IRCON & CMDC
incorporated on 05.05.2016 having its registered office
at Global Exploration Cenre, NMDC, Green Villey City,
Housing Board Colony, Boriyakala, Raipur – 492015,
Chhattisgarh, India.
The Company was formed with the objective to build,
construct operate and maintain 140 KM Jagdalpur to
Rowghat (via Narayanpur, Kondagaon) rail corridor
project in the state of Chhattisgarh. The Company
shall develop required rail infrastructure including
construction of railway lines along with all related rail
facilities like railway accommodation or any other works
related to opening, operation and closing of railway and
providing traffic facilities.
Railway Board vide its letter dt. 03.02.2023 have
granted “in principle” approval for taking over the BRPL
Project and has requested to furnish the details of
both Legal & Financial Liabilities duly certified by the
Authorized Auditor and Legal Opinion on the Handover
of BRPL Project. The same has been submitted by the
Company. In case of takeover of the BRPL Project by the
MoR, the management anticipates that the cost incurred
in the project would be recovered completely.
BRPL paid compensation to the land owners for
acquisition of private land. However, the excess
compensation paid to three land owners of Rs.
85.63 crore (Bali Nagvanshi – Rs. 62.82 cr, Neelima
– Rs. 20.80 cr & Paakli – Rs. 2.01 cr) according to the
report of Jagdalpur District Collector No. 197/LandAcquisition/209 dt. 30.04.2019 and Report of Enquiry
Committee (constituted by CEO, BRPL, vide office order
No. BRPL/HO/Land/2019/344 dt. 23.08.2019), only 2
out of 3 persons viz., Bali Nagvanshi & Neelima filed
litigation case in the Hon’ble Supreme Court of India and
excess compensation paid to both the persons was Rs.
83.63 crore. The same is still under litigation at Hon’ble
Supreme Court, of which verdict is awaited.

[p.403]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
2.35.19 General:
i.

The company owns certain office space at New Delhi. It is not the company’s intention to hold the property
for a long term for capital appreciation nor for rental purpose. Hence the same is not treated as Investment
Property and included under PPE.

ii.

Some of the balances appearing under Trade receivables, Trade payables, advances, Security deposits and
other payables are subject to confirmations. Adjustments, if any, will be accounted for on confirmation &
reconciliation of the same, which in the opinion of the management will not have a material impact.

iii.

Figures for the previous year have been regrouped/ rearranged wherever considered necessary so as to
confirm to the classification of the current year.

The following are analytical ratios for the year ended 31st March 2024
Sl
No.

Particulars

Numerators

Denominators

31st March
2024

31st March
2023

Variance
(in %)

Current Assets

Current Labilities

2.56

2.97

(13.80)

2

Debt - Equity Ratio (*1)

Total Debt

Shareholder's
Equity

0.13

0.09

44.44

3

Debt Service Coverage
Ratio (*2)

Earnings Available
for Debt services

Debt Services

1.75

2.70

(35.19)

4

Return on Equity (ROE)

(Net Profit After
Tax - Preferance
Dividend (if any))

Average
Shareholder's
Fund

0.23

0.28

(17.86)

5

Inventory Turnover Ratio

Cost of Goods sold
or Sales

Average
Inventory

8.71

8.21

6.09

6

Trade receivables
turnover ratio (*3)

Net Credit Sales

Avg. Accounts
Receivables

9.28

6.30

47.30

7

Trade Payable Turnover
Ratio (*4)

Net Credit
Purchases

Average Trade
Payables

8.36

5.67

47.44

8

Net Capital Turover Ratio

Net Sales

Working Capital

1.62

1.52

6.58

9

Net Profit ratio

Net Profit

Net Sales

0.26

0.31

(16.13)

10

Return on captal
employed (ROCE)

Earning before
interest and taxes

Capital employed

0.30

0.33

(9.09)

11

Return on investment
(ROI) (*5)
Unquoted

Income Generated
from Investments

Time weighted
average
investments

-

-

Quoted

Income Generated
from Investments

Time weighted
average
investments

-

-

Reasons for variance in ratio for +20% / -20%
(*1)

Increase in Short term borrowings: Short term working capital loan and Bill dicsounting for ₹ 1235 crore

(*2)

Increase in Short term borrowings: Short term working capital loan and Bill dicsounting for ₹ 1235 crore

(*3)

Increase in turnover of the company by 21% over the previous year

(*4)

Increase in purchase of the company by 14% over the previous year

(*5)

Since, no income is generated from investment, same is shown as NIL

399

Financial Statements

Current Ratio

Statutory Reports

1

Corporate Overview

2.35.20 Analytical Ratios

[p.404]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Note. No. 2.35.21 : Fair Value Measurement
Financial instruments by category

INR In crore
As at March 24
FVTPL

As at March 23
Amortised
cost

FVTOCI

FVTPL

Amortised
cost

FVTOCI

Financial assets
Investments
Trade receivables
Cash and cash equivalents
Other bank balances
Loans
Other financial assets
Total

-

-

956.06

940.43

3,508.93

4,361.23

109.39

93.00

12,254.26

7,004.75

81.74

62.62

2,945.69

3,136.96

19,856.07

-

-

15,598.99

Financial liabilities
Borrowings

3,356.54

2,121.19

Trade payables

412.55

425.91

Lease Liability

2.24

6.68

1,269.56

896.93

Other financial liabilities
Total

-

-

5,040.89

-

-

3,450.71

(1) Assets that are not financial assets (such as receivables from statutory authorities, prepaid expenses, advances
paid and certain other receivables) as of 31st March 2024, and 31 March 2023, respectively, are not included.
(2) Other liabilities that are not financial liabilities (such as statutory dues payable, advances from customers and
certain other accruals) as of 31 March 2024, and 31 March 2023, respectively, are not included.
The carrying amounts of above financial assets and liabilties are considered to be same as their fair values.
Note No: 2.35.22 Financial Risk Management
a) Risk management framework
The Company’s Board of Directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Company’s
risk management framework. The Board of Directors has established the Risk Management Committee, which is
responsible for developing and monitoring the Company’s risk management policies. The committee reports regularly
to the Board of Directors on its activities.
The Company’s risk management policies are established to identify and analyse the risks faced by the Company, to
set appropriate risk limits and controls and to monitor risks and adherence to limits. Risk management policies and
systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the Company’s activities. The Company,
through its training and management standards and procedures, aims to maintain a disciplined and constructive
control environment in which all employees understand their roles and obligations.
The Board of Directors monitors the compliance with the Company’s risk management policies and procedures, and
reviews the adequacy of the risk management framework in relation to the risks faced by the Company.

400

[p.405]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
The Company has exposure to the following risks arising from financial instruments:
Risk

Exposure arising from

Measurement

Management

Cash and cash equivalents, Ageing analysis and
trade receivables, loans
Credit ratings

Diversification of bank deposits, credit limits
and letters of credit

Liquidity risk

Borrowings and other
liabilities

Rolling cash flow
forecasts

Availability of deposits with differing maturities
& committed borrowing facilities to facilitate
the day today working capital requirements.

Market riskcurrency risk

Imports giving rise to
foreign currency payables*

-

-

A. Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk that counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument or customer
contract, leading to a financial loss. The Company is exposed to credit risk from its operating activities (primarily
trade receivables) and deposits with banks.
(a) Trade receivables
The Company sales are generally based on advance payments and through LC's. The trade receivables in the books
are mainly on account of credit sales to M/s RINL Limited, CPSE under the Ministry of Steel

Corporate Overview

Credit risk

Expected credit loss for trade receivables under simplified approach is detailed as per the below tables
Year ended 31st March 2024

Gross carrying amount
Expected loss rate

< 6 months

>12 months

166.58

2,050.32

5,414.60

0.00%

0.00%

92.95%

35.19%

-

-

1,905.67

1,905.66

3,197.70

166.58

144.65

3,508.94

Year ended 31st March 2023
Ageing
Expected loss rate

₹ In crore
< 6 months

>12 months

Total

2,952.25

62.67

3,251.44

6,266.36

0.00%

0.00%

58.59%

30.40%

-

-

1,905.13

1,905.13

2,952.25

62.67

1,346.31

4,361.23

Expected credit losses (loss allowance provision)
Carrying amount of trade receivables (net of
impairment)

6-12 months

iii. Reconciliation of loss allowance provision - trade receivables
Loss allowance on 1 April 2022

2,932.14

Changes in loss allowance

(1,027.01)

Loss allowance on 31 March 2023

1,905.13

Changes in loss allowance
Loss allowance on 31 March 2024

0.53
1,905.66

The impairment provisions for trade receivables disclosed above are based on assumptions about risk of default and
expected loss rates.

401

Financial Statements

Gross carrying amount

Total

3,197.70

Expected credit losses (loss allowance provision)
Carrying amount of trade receivables (net of
impairment)

6-12 months

Statutory Reports

Ageing

₹ In crore

[p.406]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
(b) Financial instruments and cash deposits
Credit risk from balances with banks is managed by the Company’s treasury department in accordance with DPE
guidelines & Company’s policy. Investments of surplus funds are made only with scheduled commercial banks having
a minimum networth of ₹ 500 Crore within limits assigned to each bank and Debt based mutual funds of public
sector AMCs. The limits are reviewed by the Company’s Board of Directors on an annual basis. The limits are set to
minimise the concentration of risks and therefore mitigate financial loss through counterparty’s potential failure to
make payments.
B. Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with
its financial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. The Company’s approach to
managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when they
are due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the
Company’s reputation.
Typically the Company ensures that it has sufficient cash on demand to meet expected operational expenses for
a period of 60 days, including the servicing of financial obligations; this excludes the potential impact of extreme
circumstances that cannot reasonably be predicted, such as natural disasters. In addition, the Company has taken
fund based limits with banks to meet its short term financial obligations.
i. Financing arrangements
The Company has access to the following undrawn borrowing facilities at the end of reporting period
₹ in crore
31 March 2024

31 March 2023

Flexible rate
Expiring within one year (bank overdraft and other facilities)
Working capital Limits with Banks

-

433.00

4,257.12

5,052.78

ii. Maturities of financial liabilities
The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Company’s financial liabilities based on contractual
undiscounted payments.
Year ended
31 March 2024

On
demand

₹ in crore

Less than
3 months

3 months to
6 months

6 months
to 1 year

Between
1and 2 years

Between 2
and 5 years

-

2,656.32

700.22

-

-

-

3,356.54

Trade payables

371.27

41.17

0.11

-

-

-

412.55

Lease Liability

-

0.08

0.08

0.15

-

-

0.30

Other financial
liabilities

799.09

209.10

3.39

67.80

37.88

2.01

1,119.28

1,170.35

2,906.67

703.80

67.95

37.88

2.01

4,888.67

On
demand

Less than
3 months

3 months to
6 months

6 months
to 1 year

Between
1and 2 years

Between 2
and 5 years

Borrowings

415.98

1,057.33

647.88

-

-

-

2,121.19

Trade payables

359.94

65.98

-

-

-

-

425.91

Lease liability

-

0.55

0.72

0.39

Other financial
liabilities

717.09

51.81

16.61

55.14

44.70

11.58

896.93

1,493.01

1,175.67

665.21

55.53

44.70

11.58

3,445.70

Borrowings

Year ended
31 March 2023

402

Total

Total

1.66

[p.407]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
C. Market risk
Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as foreign exchange rates and interest rates will affect the
Company’s income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments. The objective of market risk management is
to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable parameters, while optimising the return.
(i) Foreign currency risk
Since majority of the company's operations are being carried out in India and since all the material balances are
denominated in its functional currency, the company does not carry any material exposure to currency fluctuation
risk.
(ii) Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because
of changes in market interest rates. The company quite often bridges its short term cash flow mismatch by availing
unsecured working capital loans from banks or against its fixed deposits. Such loans have a very short tenure and
the interest rate on such loans is based upon the fixed rates offered by banks on fixed deposits, increased by a few
basis points or the rate of interest applicable for unsecured loans. Since the interest rates on fixed deposits are fixed,
the company does not have any interest rate risk on such loans availed on a loan to loan basis.
The Company's exposure to interest rate risk is minimal and hence no sensitivity analysis is presented.
2.35.23 (i) RECONCILIATION OF BALANCE SHEET AS AT 01ST APRIL 2022
Note No.

INR In crore

Published
Figures as at
31.03.2022

Restated
figures as at
31.03.2022

Adjustment

ASSETS
Non-current Assets
a) Property, plant & equipment

2.1.1

3,024.61

3,024.61

b) Right- of -Use Assets

2.1.2

8.27

8.27

c) Capital work-in- progress

2.2

1,328.31

1,328.31

93.89

93.89

d) Goodwill
2.3

535.72

535.72

f) Intangible assets under development

2.4

5.00

5.00

-

-

g) Financial assets
i) Investments

2.4.1

894.95

894.95

ii) Loans

2.4.2

40.77

40.77

iii) Other Finanial Assets

2.4.3

589.75

589.75

h) Deferred tax assets (Net)

2.5

568.94

568.94

i) Other non-current assets

2.6

2,103.89

2,103.89

Total non-current assets

9,194.10

-

9,194.10

Current Assets :
a) Inventories

2.7

b) Financial assets

2,125.21

2,125.21

-

5.90

i) Investments

2.8.1a

5.90

ii) Trade receivables

2.8.1b

2,954.30

iii) Cash and cash equivalents

2.8.2

120.60

120.60

iv) Bank balances other than (ii) above

2.8.3

7,856.87

7,856.87

v) Other financial assets

2.8.4

583.86

583.86

1,236.15

4,190.45

403

Financial Statements

e) Other intangible assets

Statutory Reports

Particulars

Corporate Overview

The Company's exposure to foreign currencies is minimal and hence no sensitivity analysis is presented.

[p.408]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.

Particulars

Note No.

Published
Figures as at
31.03.2022

Restated
figures as at
31.03.2022

Adjustment

c) Current tax assets (Net)

2.9

899.86

899.86

d) Other current assets

2.10

1,170.83

1,170.83

e) Assets held for disposal

2.11

0.81

0.81

Total current assets

15,718.24

1,236.15

16,954.39

Total Assets

24,912.34

1,236.15

26,148.49

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
a) Equity share capital

2.12

293.07

293.07

b) Other Equity

2.13

17,725.18

17,725.18

Equity attributable to owners of NMDC Ltd
Non-controlling interest
Total equity

18,018.25

-

18,018.25

13.45

-

13.45

18,031.70

-

18,031.70

Liabilities
Non- current liabilities
a) Financial liabilities
i) Borrowings

2.14.1

-

-

ia) Lease Liability

2.14.2

5.85

5.85

ii) Other Financial liabilities

2.14.3

150.28

150.28

2.14.4

1,092.46

1,092.46

b) Provisions
Total non-current liabilities

1,248.59

-

1,248.59

1,236.15

3,028.65

Current liabilities
a) Financial liabilities
i)

Borrowings

2.15.1

1,792.50

ia) Lease Liability

2.15.2

1.59

1.59

ii) Trade payables

2.15.3

-

-

a) Total Outstanding dues of Micro
Enterprises and Small Enterprises

26.59

26.59

b) Total Outstanding dues of Creditors
other than Micro Enterprises and Small
Enterprises

638.17

638.17

2.15.4

521.78

521.78

b) Other current liabilties

2.16

2,636.30

2,636.30

c) Provisions

2.17.1

15.12

15.12

d) Current Tax Liabilities (Net)

2.17.2

-

-

iii) Other financial liabilities

Total current liabilities

5,632.05

1,236.15

6,868.20

Total liabilities

6,880.64

1,236.15

8,116.79

Total equity and liabilities

24,912.34

1,236.15

26,148.49

404

[p.409]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
2.35.23 (i) RECONCILIATION OF BALANCE SHEET AS AT 31st MARCH 2023
Particulars

Note No.

INR In crore

Published
Figures as at
31.03.2023

Restated figures
as at 31.03.2023

Adjustment

ASSETS
Non-current Assets
2.1.1

2,381.31

2,381.31

b) Right- of -Use Assets

2.1.2

7.44

7.44

c) Capital work-in- progress

2.2

1,991.55

1,991.55

93.89

93.89

d) Goodwill
2.3

715.93

715.93

f) Intangible assets under development

2.4

6.49

6.49

i) Investments

2.4.1

934.68

934.68

ii) Loans

2.4.2

62.62

62.62

iii) Other Finanial Assets

2.4.3

2,605.11

2,605.11

h) Deferred tax assets (Net)

2.5

297.50

297.50

i) Other non-current assets

2.6

3,302.92

3,302.92

g) Financial assets

Total non-current assets

12,399.44

-

12,399.44

Current Assets :
a) Inventories

2.7

b) Financial assets

2,660.58

2,660.58

-

5.75

i) Investments

2.8.1a

5.75

ii) Trade receivables

2.8.1b

2,656.02

iii) Cash and cash equivalents

2.8.2

93.00

93.00

iv) Bank balances other than (ii) above

2.8.3

7,004.75

7,004.75

v) Other financial assets

2.8.4

531.85

531.85

c) Current tax assets (Net)

2.9

1,121.82

1,121.82

d) Other current assets

2.10

1,773.84

1,773.84

e) Assets held for disposal

2.11

0.66

0.66

1,705.21

Statutory Reports

e) Other intangible assets

Corporate Overview

a) Property, plant & equipment

4,361.23

15,848.27

1,705.21

17,553.48

Total Assets

28,247.71

1,705.21

29,952.92

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
a) Equity share capital

2.12

293.07

293.07

b) Other Equity

2.13

22,327.76

22,327.76

405

Financial Statements

Total current assets

[p.410]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.

Particulars

Note No.

Equity attributable to owners of NMDC Ltd
Non-controlling interest
Total equity

Published
Figures as at
31.03.2023

Restated figures
as at 31.03.2023

Adjustment

22,620.83

-

22,620.83

14.23

-

14.23

22,635.06

-

22,635.06

Liabilities
Non- current liabilities
a) Financial liabilities
i) Borrowings

2.14.1

-

-

ia) Lease Liability

2.14.2

5.02

5.02

ii) Other Financial liabilities

2.14.3

150.28

150.28

2.14.4

1,255.99

1,255.99

b) Provisions
Total non-current liabilities

1,411.29

-

1,411.29

1,705.21

2,121.19

Current liabilities
a) Financial liabilities
i)

Borrowings

2.15.1

415.98

ia) Lease Liability

2.15.2

1.66

1.66

ii) Trade payables

2.15.3

-

-

a) Total Outstanding dues of Micro
Enterprises and Small Enterprises

25.23

25.23

b) Total Outstanding dues of Creditors
other than Micro Enterprises and Small
Enterprises

400.68

400.68

2.15.4

896.93

896.93

b) Other current liabilties

2.16

2,337.02

2,337.02

c) Provisions

2.17.1

123.86

123.86

d) Current Tax Liabilities (Net)

2.17.2

-

-

iii) Other financial liabilities

Total current liabilities

4,201.36

1,705.21

5,906.57

Total liabilities

5,612.65

1,705.21

7,317.86

Total equity and liabilities

28,247.71

1,705.21

29,952.92

406

[p.411]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24
Notes to CFS - contd.
Note No. : 2.35.24 Capital Management
a) Risk management
The primary objective of the Company’s capital management is to maximise the shareholder value. The Company's
objectives when managing the capital are to safeguard their ability to continue as a going concern, so that they can
continue to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders.
The Board’s policy is to maintain a strong capital base so as to maintain investor, creditor and market confidence and
to sustain future development of the business. The Board of Directors and senior management monitors the return
on capital, which the Company defines as result from operating activities divided by total shareholders’ equity.
₹ In crore
31 March 2024

31 March 2023

(i) Equity shares
Final dividend for the year ended 31st March 2024 of ₹ 1.50 (31st March
2023: ₹ 2.85) per equity share.

439.59

835.22

Interim dividend for the year ended 31st March 2024 of ₹ 5.75 (31st
March 2023: ₹ 3.75) per fully paid share

1,685.11

1,098.98

Year ended 31st March 2024

Corporate Overview

b) Dividends

₹ In crore
Particulars

Total equity
Net debt to equity ratio

For and on behalf of the Board

-

-

25,672.91

22,635.06

0%

0%

As per separate report of even dated attached
For M/s Varma & Varma,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Regn No: 004532S
(P R PRASANNA VARMA)
Partner
Membership No: 025854

(AS PARDHA SARADHI)
ED & Company Secretary
Place: Hyderabad
Dated: 27th May 2024

407

Financial Statements

(DILIP KUMAR MOHANTY)
(AMITAVA MUKHERJEE)
Director (Production)
Chairman-Cum-Managing Director (Additional Charge),
DIN: 09296720
Director (Finance)
DIN: 08265207

31st- March 2023

Statutory Reports

Net Debt (excluding short term)

31st- March 2024

[p.412]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Notice
Notice is hereby given to the Members of NMDC Limited
that the 66th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the
Company will be held on Tuesday, September 24, 2024
at 11.30 (A.M.) hours IST through video conferencing
(“VC”) / Other Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”) to transact
the following business:

payment of Final dividend of ₹ 1.50 per equity
share of ₹ 1.00 each for the financial year 2023-24
to the shareholders as on Record date as may be
fixed by the Board, be and is hereby approved.”
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors
of the Company be and is hereby authorized to do
all acts, deeds, things, matters and take all such
steps as may be necessary, proper or expedient to
give effect to this resolution.”

The proceedings of the AGM shall be deemed to be
conducted at the Registered Office of the Company
which shall be the deemed Venue of the AGM.
A.

ORDINARY BUSINESS:

1.

To receive, consider and adopt (a) the Audited
Standalone Financial Statements of the Company
for the financial year ended 31st March 2024
together with the reports of the Board of Directors’,
Statutory Auditors and Comptroller and Auditor
General of India thereon; and (b) the Audited
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company
for the financial year ended 31st March 2024
together with the reports of Statutory Auditors and
Comptroller and Auditor General of India thereon
and in this regard to consider and if thought fit, to
pass, with or without modification(s) the following
resolutions as Ordinary Resolutions:

(a)

“RESOLVED THAT the Audited Standalone
Financial Statements of the Company for the
financial year ended 31st March 2024 together with
the reports of the Board of Directors, Statutory
Auditors and Comptroller and Auditor General of
India thereon as circulated to the Members, be and
are hereby considered and adopted.”

(b)

“RESOLVED THAT the Audited Consolidated
Financial Statements of the Company for the
financial year ended 31st March 2024 together with
the reports of Statutory Auditors and Comptroller
and Auditor General of India thereon as circulated
to the Members, be and are hereby considered
and adopted.”

2.

To take note of the payment of interim Dividend of
₹ 5.75 per equity share of ₹ 1.00 each already paid
and approve the payment of final dividend of ₹1.50
per equity share for the financial year 2023-24
and in this regard, to consider and if thought fit, to
pass, with or without modification(s) the following
resolutions as an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the approval of the
Board of Directors, Interim dividend of ₹ 5.75 per
equity share of ₹ 1.00 each, already paid for the
financial year 2023-24 be and is hereby noted.”
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to the
recommendation of the Board of Directors, the

408

3.

To appoint a Director in place of Shri Amitava
Mukherjee (DIN: 08265207), who retires by
rotation and being eligible, offers himself for reappointment and in this regard to consider and if
thought fit, to pass, with or without modification(s)
the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of
Section 152 and other applicable provisions of
the Companies Act, 2013, Shri Amitava Mukherjee
(DIN: 08265207), who retires by rotation at this
meeting and being eligible offers himself for
re-appointment, be and is hereby re-appointed
as Director of the Company, liable to retire by
rotation.”

4.

To appoint a Director in place of Shri Abhijit
Narendra (DIN: 07851224), who retires by
rotation and being eligible, offers himself for reappointment and in this regard to consider and if
thought fit, to pass, with or without modification(s)
the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of
Section 152 and other applicable provisions of
the Companies Act, 2013, Shri Abhijit Narendra
(DIN: 07851224), who retires by rotation at this
meeting and being eligible offers himself for
re-appointment, be and is hereby re-appointed
as Director of the Company, liable to retire by
rotation.”

5.

To authorize the Board of Directors for fixing the
remuneration of Statutory Auditors for the financial
year 2024-25.
In terms of the Section 139 read with Section 142
of the Companies Act, 2013, the remuneration
of Auditors of Government Companies, who are
appointed by the Comptroller and Auditor-General
of India, shall be fixed by the Company in General
Meeting or in such manner as the Company in
General Meeting may determine. Hence, it is
proposed that the Members may authorize the
Board of Directors for fixing the remuneration
of the Statutory Auditors of the Company for

[p.413]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

the financial year 2024-25, and in this regard
to consider and if thought fit, to pass, with or
without modification(s) the following resolution as
Ordinary Resolution:

documents etc., for the financial year 2024-25,
that may be required to be prepared and submitted
by the Cost Auditors under applicable statute.”
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors
of the Company be and is hereby authorized to do
all acts, deeds, things, matters and take all such
steps as may be necessary, proper or expedient to
give effect to this resolution.”

B.

SPECIAL BUSINESS:

6.

To ratify the remuneration of the Cost Auditors
of the Company for the financial year 2024-25
and in this regard to consider and if thought fit to
pass with or without modification(s) the following
resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:

A.S. Pardha Saradhi
ED (Company Secretary)
Membership No: FCS 10808
Place: New Delhi
Date: 12.08.2024
Copy to:
1.

All Members

2.

All Directors

3.

Auditors

Statutory Reports

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of
Section 148 and other applicable provisions, if any,
of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Companies
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 (including
any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment
thereof, for the time being in force), the Company
hereby ratifies the remuneration of ₹ 6.00 lakhs
(excluding travelling, out-of-pocket expenses
plus GST) payable to M/s B. Mukhopadhyay & Co.
Cost Accountants, having office at 3E, Aparupa
Apartment, No. 2, G.B. Dutta Road, Sodepur,
Kolkata - 700110, West Bengal, appointed as the
Cost Auditors by the Board of Directors of the
Company for conducting the audit of the cost
records of the Company and providing Cost Audit
Report, and all such reports, annexures, records,

By Order of the Board of Directors,
For and on behalf of NMDC Limited

Corporate Overview

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of
Section 139, 142 and other applicable provisions
of the Companies Act, 2013, the Board of Directors
of the Company be and is hereby authorized to
determine and fix the remuneration, including
out-of-pocket expenses, if any, of the Statutory
Auditors of the Company, as may be appointed
by the Comptroller and Auditor General of India,
and as per the terms and conditions of their
appointment, for the Financial Year 2024-25.”

Enclosures:
Notes to Notice.

2.

An Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102
of the Companies Act, 2013 in respect of Special
Business to be transacted at the Meeting.

3.

A copy of the 66th Annual Report of the Company
for the year 2023-24.

409

Financial Statements

1.

[p.414]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

NOTES TO NOTICE:
1.

2.

3.

Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) has,
vide its General Circular No. 09/2023 dated
25th September 2023 read with other previous
MCA General Circulars No. 10/2022 dated 28th
December 2022, 02/2022 Dated 5th May 2022, No.
20/2020 dated 5th May 2020, No. 17/2021 dated
13th April 2021 and No. 14/2021 dated 8th April
2021 (collectively referred to as “MCA Circulars”),
permitted Companies to hold Annual General
Meeting (“AGM”) through video conferencing
(“VC”) / Other Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”),
without physical presence of the Members at a
common venue subject to compliance of various
conditions mentioned therein. In compliance
with the MCA Circulars, applicable provisions
of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) and SEBI
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), the
66th AGM of the Company is being held through VC
/ OAVM. The proceedings of the 66th AGM will be
deemed to be conducted at the Registered Office
of the Company at 10-3-311/A, Khanij Bhavan,
Castle Hills, Masab Tank, Hyderabad - 500028,
Telangana, which shall be deemed venue of the
AGM.
As per the Companies Act, 2013, a Member
entitled to attend and vote at the meeting is
entitled to appoint a proxy to attend and vote
on a poll instead of himself/herself and, a proxy
need not be a member of the Company. Since this
AGM is being held pursuant to the MCA Circulars
through VC / OAVM, physical attendance of
Members has been dispensed with. Accordingly,
the facility for appointment of proxies by the
Members will not be available for the AGM and
hence the Proxy Form and Attendance Slip are not
annexed to this Notice.
In compliance with the aforesaid MCA Circulars
and SEBI Circular dated 7th October, 2023, Notice
of the AGM along with the Annual Report 202324 is being sent only through electronic mode
to those Members whose email addresses are
registered with the Company/ Depositories,
unless any Member has requested for a physical
copy of the same. The Company shall send the
physical copy of Annual Report 2023-24 to those
Members who request the same at cs@nmdc.
co.in mentioning their Folio No./DP ID and Client
ID. Members may note that the 66th AGM Notice
and Annual Report 2023-24 has been uploaded
on the website of the Company: www.nmdc.co.in,
and can also be accessed from the websites of
the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited and National
Stock Exchange of India Limited at www.bseindia.
com and www.nseindia.com respectively, and
is also available on the website of NSDL - www.
evoting.nsdl.com.

410

4.

Institutional / corporate shareholders (i.e. other
than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to
send scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the
relevant Board Resolution/ Authorisation letter
etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly
authorized signatory(ies) who are authorised
to vote, to attend the AGM through VC/OAVM
and to vote on their behalf. The said resolution/
authorisation letter shall be sent to the Scrutinizer
by e-mail through its registered email address
to corporategovernance03@gmail.com with a
copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in. Institutional
investors are encouraged to attend and vote at the
meeting through VC/OAVM.

5.

Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102
of the Companies Act, 2013 in respect of Special
Businesses, as set out above is annexed hereto. All
documents referred to in the accompanying Notice
and the Explanatory Statement shall be available
for inspection electronically. Members seeking to
inspect such documents can send an email to cs@
nmdc.co.in.

6.

Details of the Directors seeking appointment / reappointment at the 66th AGM as mandated under
Regulation 36(3) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 is
annexed hereto and forms part of the Notice.

7.

The Register of Members and Share Transfer
Books of the Company will remain closed from 18th
September, 2024 to 24th September, 2024 (both
days inclusive).

8.

For the financial year 2023-24, the Company
declared and paid interim dividend @ ₹ 5.75 per
equity share of ₹ 1.00 each (amounting to ₹ 1685.10
crores). Further, the Board of Directors, in its 563rd
Meeting held on 27th May, 2024 has recommended
the payment of Final dividend of ₹ 1.50 per equity
share of ₹1.00 each for the financial year
2023-24 and the said dividend, if approved, by
the members at this Annual General Meeting,
will be paid within prescribed timelines to the
members whose names appear in the Register of
Members of the Company as on record date i.e.,
17th September, 2024.

9.

Members will be provided with a facility to attend
the AGM through VC/OAVM through the NSDL
e-Voting system or view the live webcast of AGM
provided by NSDL at https://www.evoting.nsdl.
com. Members may access by following the steps
mentioned for Access to NSDL e-Voting system.
After successful login, you can see link of “VC/
OAVM” placed under “Join General meeting”
menu against Company name. You are requested
to click on VC/OAVM link placed under Join
General Meeting menu. The link for VC/OAVM will
be available in Shareholder/Member login where
the EVEN of Company will be displayed. Please

[p.415]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

note that the members who do not have the User
ID and Password for e-Voting or have forgotten
the User ID and Password may retrieve the same
by following the remote e-Voting instructions
mentioned in the notice to avoid last minute rush.
10.

The Company has designated an exclusive e-mail
ID: ims@nmdc.co.in for redressal of shareholders’/

15.

Members who have not registered their e-mail
address are requested to register the same in
respect of shares held in electronic form with the
Depository through their Depository Participant(s)
and in respect of shares held in physical form
by writing to the Company’s Registrar and Share
Transfer Agent, M/s Aarthi Consultants Pvt Ltd.,
D.No. 1-2-285, Domalguda, Hyderabad - 500
029. Phone Nos. 040-27638111/27634445, Fax
No. 040-27632184, Email: ims@nmdc.co.in,
info@aarthiconsultants.com, Website: www.
aarthiconsultants.com.

16.

Members can join the AGM in the VC/OAVM mode
15 minutes before and after the scheduled time of
the commencement of the Meeting by following
the procedure mentioned in the Notice. The
facility of participation at the AGM through VC/
OAVM will be made available for 1000 members on
first come first served basis. This will not include
large Shareholders (Shareholders holding 2%
or more shareholding), Promoters, Institutional
Investors, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, the
Chairpersons of the Audit Committee, Nomination
and Remuneration Committee and Stakeholders
Relationship Committee, Auditors etc. who are
allowed to attend the AGM without restriction on
account of first come first served basis.

17.

Members attending the AGM through VC / OAVM
shall be counted for the purpose of reckoning the
quorum under Section 103 of the Companies Act,
2013.

18.

Voting rights of members shall be in proportion
to their shares in the paid-up equity share capital
of the Company as on the cut-off date i.e., 17th
September, 2024.

19.

Any person holding shares in physical form and
non-individual shareholders, who acquires shares
of the Company and becomes member of the
Company after the notice is sent through e-mail
and holding shares as of the cut-off date i.e.,
4th September, 2024, may obtain the login ID
and password by sending a request at evoting@
nsdl.co.in or to RTA. However, if you are already
registered with NSDL for remote e-voting, then
you can use your existing user ID and password

411

Financial Statements

13.

Members are requested to address all
correspondence relating to divestment of
33,22,43,200 equity shares of the Company made
by Government of India in the month of March,
2010 to the Registrars to the Issue, M/s KFin
Technologies Limited, Selenium Tower- B, Plot
No. 31 & 32, Financial district, Nanakramguda,
Serilingampally, Hyderabad - 500032, Telangana,
Tel: 040- 67161500, Fax: 040- 23001153, Email:
nmdc.ipo@karvy.com/ einward.ris@kfintech.com
Website: www.kfintech.com.

Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has
mandated the submission of Permanent Account
Number (PAN) by every participant in securities
market. Members holding shares in electronic
form are, therefore, requested to submit their PAN
to their Depository Participants with whom they
are maintaining their demat accounts. Members
holding shares in physical form can submit their
PAN details to the Company or to the Registrar and
Share Transfer Agent.

Statutory Reports

12.

To prevent fraudulent transactions, Members are
advised to exercise due diligence and notify the
Company of any change in address or demise of
any Member as soon as possible. Members are
also advised to not leave their demat account(s)
dormant for long. Periodic statement of holdings
should be obtained from the concerned Depository
Participant and holdings should be verified from
time to time.

14.

Corporate Overview

11.

Members holding shares in electronic form may
please note that the bank account details and
MICR Code of their Bankers, as noted in the
records of their Depository, shall be used for
the purpose of remittance of dividend through
Electronic Clearing Service (ECS), or for printing
on dividend warrants wherever applicable.
Members are requested to intimate changes, if
any, pertaining to their name, registered postal
address, email address, telephone/ mobile
numbers, Permanent Account Number (PAN),
mandates, nominations, power of attorney, bank
details such as, name of the bank and branch
details, type of the bank and account number
in which they wish to receive the dividend,
MICR code, IFSC code, etc., to their Depository
Participants in case the shares are held by them in
electronic form. Members who are holding shares
in physical form are requested to intimate changes
in the prescribed Form ISR-1 and other forms
pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/
MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2021/655 dated November
3, 2021 to M/s Aarthi Consultants Private Ltd., the
Registrar and Share Transfer Agent, D.No. 1-2-285,
Domalguda, Hyderabad - 500 029. Phone Nos.
040-27638111/27634445, Fax No. 040-27632184,
Email: ims@nmdc.co.in, info@aarthiconsultants.
com, Website: www.aarthiconsultants.com.
Investors service request forms are uploaded
on the website of the Company under Investors
section.

investors’ complaints/grievances. In case you have
any queries/complaints or grievances, then please
write to us at the above e-mail address.

[p.416]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

for casting your vote. If you forgot your password,
you can reset your password by using “Forgot
User Details/Password” or “Physical User Reset
Password” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.
com or call on toll free no. 1800 1020 990 and
1800 22 44 30 . In case of Individual Shareholders
holding securities in demat mode who acquires
shares of the Company and becomes a Member
of the Company after sending of the Notice and
holding shares as of the cut-off date may follow
steps mentioned in the Notice of the AGM under
“Access to NSDL e-Voting system”.
20.

Members who have cast their vote by remote
e-voting prior to the AGM may also attend/
participate in the AGM through VC / OAVM but
shall not be entitled to cast their vote again.

21.

The Company has provided the facility to Members
to exercise their right to vote by electronic means
both through remote e-voting and casting through
e-voting system during the AGM. The process
of remote e-voting with necessary user id and
password is given in the subsequent paragraphs.
Such remote e-voting facility is in addition to
voting that will take place at the 66th AGM being
held through VC/OAVM.

22.

To support the ‘Green initiative’, Members are
requested to register their e-mail address
and changes therein from time to time with
their respective Depository Participant or the
Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer Agent for
service of documents, notices, annual reports etc.
through registered e-mail.

23.

Pursuant to Sections 124 and 125 of the
Companies Act, 2013, dividends which had
remained unpaid or unclaimed for a period of
seven years from the date of transfer to the
Unpaid Dividend Account of a company will
have to be transferred to the ‘Investor Education
and Protection Fund’ established by the Central
Government. Shareholders who have not claimed
their dividend/s so far for various years are
requested to make their claim to M/s Aarthi
Consultants Pvt. Limited, Hyderabad, Registrar
and Share Transfer Agent of the Company.
The unclaimed/unpaid dividends declared up
to financial year 2016-17 (Interim) have been
transferred to the Investor Education and
Protection Fund (IEPF). Pursuant to the provisions
of Investor Education and Protection Fund
Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund)
Rules, 2016, the Company has uploaded the details
of unclaimed/ unpaid amounts lying with the
Company as on 31st March 2024 on the website of
the Company (www.nmdc.co.in) under “Investors”
section, and also on the website of the Ministry
of Corporate Affairs, the information in respect of
such unclaimed/unpaid dividend.

412

24.

Pursuant to the provisions of Sections 124(6) of
the Companies Act, 2013 and Investor Education
and Protection Fund Authority (Accounting, Audit,
Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016, all shares in
respect of which dividend has not been paid or
claimed for seven consecutive years or more shall
be transferred by the Company in the name of
Investor Education and Protection Fund along with
a statement containing such details as prescribed
in the Investor Education and Protection Fund
Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund)
Rules, 2016. Accordingly, your Company has
transferred the shares in respect of which dividend
has not been paid or claimed for seven
consecutive years or more to Investor Education
and Protection Fund.

25.

Members, whose unclaimed dividends/shares
have been transferred to IEPF, are entitled to claim
the same by submitting an online application to
the IEPF Authority in Form No. IEPF-5 available on
www.iepf.gov.in and sending a physical copy of the
same duly signed to the Company along with the
requisite documents enumerated in Form IEPF-5.
The Company Secretary of the Company is the
Nodal Officer for the purpose of coordination with
IEPF Authority. Further details are available on the
website of the Company (www.nmdc.co.in) under
“Investors” section. The attention of Members is
particularly drawn to the Corporate Governance
Report forming part of the Annual Report 202324 in respect of unpaid/unclaimed dividends and
transfer of dividends/shares to the IEPF.

26.

Members desirous of obtaining any information/
clarification(s) concerning the accounts and
operations of the Company may send their
questions in advance at least 10 days before the
date of the Meeting, mentioning their name demat
account number/folio number, email id, mobile
number, to the Company Secretary through email:
cs@nmdc.co.in. The same will be replied by the
Company suitably by email.

27.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 136 of the
Act, the financial statements of the Company,
consolidated financial statements along with
relevant documents and separate audited financial
statements in respect of subsidiaries, are available
on the website of the Company under the head
“Investors”.

28.

Members who have not encashed their dividend
warrants within its validity period are requested
to either correspond with the Company at its
Registered Office or M/s Aarthi Consultants Private
Ltd., Registrar and Share Transfer Agent of the
Company, for revalidation and encashment before
due dates.

29.

In terms of provisions of the Companies Act,
2013, nomination facility is available to individual

[p.417]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

30. In case of joint holders, Member whose name
appears as the first holder in the order of names as
per the Register of Members of the Company will
be entitled to vote at the AGM.
31.

Members may please note that SEBI vide its
Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/
CIR/2022/8 dated January 25, 2022 has mandated
the Listed Companies to issue securities in demat
form only while processing service requests viz.
Issue of duplicate securities certificate, claim
from Unclaimed Suspense Account, Renewal/
Exchange of securities certificate, Endorsement,
Sub-division/Splitting of securities certificate,
Consolidation of securities certificates/folios,
Transmission and Transposition. Accordingly,
Shareholders are requested to make service
requests by submitting a duly filled and signed
Form ISR–4, the format of which is available on

SEBI vide its notification dated January 24, 2022
has mandated that all requests for transfer of
securities including transmission and transposition
requests shall be processed only in dematerialized
form. In view of the same and to eliminate all
risks associated with physical shares and avail
various benefits of dematerialization, Members
are advised to dematerialize the shares held by
them in physical form. Members can contact the
Company or RTA, for assistance in this regard.

35.

Members may note that the Income Tax Act, 1961,
(“the IT Act”) as amended by the Finance Act,
2020, mandates that dividends paid or distributed
by a Company after 1st April 2020 shall be taxable
in the hands of members. The Company shall
therefore be required to deduct tax at source
(TDS) at the time of making the payment of final
dividend. In order to enable us to determine the
appropriate TDS rate as applicable, members are
requested to submit the following documents in
accordance with the provisions of the IT Act.
For resident shareholders, taxes shall be deducted
at source under Section 194 of the IT Act as
follows:

-

Members having valid PAN: 10% or as notified by
the Government of India

-

Members not having PAN / valid PAN: 20% or as
notified by the Government of India
However, no tax shall be deducted on the dividend
payable to a resident individual if the total
dividend to be received by them during Financial
Year does not exceed ₹ 5,000 and also in cases
where members provide Form 15G / Form 15H
(applicable to individuals aged 60 years or more)
subject to conditions specified in the IT Act.
Resident shareholders may also submit any other
document as prescribed under the IT Act to claim
a lower / Nil withholding tax. PAN is mandatory for
members providing Form 15G / 15H or any other
document as mentioned above.
For non-resident shareholders, taxes are
required to be withheld in accordance with the
provisions of Section 195 and other applicable
sections of the IT Act, at the rates in force. The
withholding tax shall be at the rate of 20% (plus
applicable surcharge and cess) or as notified
by the Government of India on the amount of
dividend payable. However, as per Section 90
of the IT Act, non-resident shareholders have
the option to be governed by the provisions of

413

Financial Statements

33.

The Company has sent individual letters to all
the Members holding shares of the Company in
physical form for furnishing their PAN, KYC details
and Nomination pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/
HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2021/655 dated
November 3, 2021 in Form ISR-1. The Form ISR-1
is also available on the website of the Company
under Investors section – Dividend and Shares
– FAQs for Investors and on the website of the
Company’s RTA at https://www.aarthiconsultants.
com/. Attention of the Members holding shares
of the Company in physical form is invited to go
through and submit the said Form ISR–1.

34.

Statutory Reports

32.

In accordance with proviso to Regulation 40(1) of
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, securities of listed companies
can be transferred only in dematerialized form
with effect from 1st April 2019. Accordingly,
shareholders holding equity shares in physical form
are urged to have their shares dematerialized so as
to be able to freely transfer them and participate in
corporate actions. RTA has stopped accepting any
fresh lodgement of transfer of shares in physical
form.

the Company’s website under Investors section –
Dividend and Shares – FAQs for Investors and on
the website of the Company’s RTA at https://www.
aarthiconsultants.com/. It may be noted that any
service request can be processed only after the
folio is KYC compliant.

Corporate Overview

shareholders. Members holding shares in physical
form may nominate a person in respect of all the
shares held by them whether singly or jointly.
Members who hold shares on individual name
are advised to avail of the nomination facility in
Form SH-13 in their own interest. Blank form can
be obtained from M/s Aarthi Consultants Private
Ltd., on request. If a member desires to opt out or
cancel the earlier nomination and record a fresh
nomination, he/ she may submit the same in Form
ISR-3 or SH-14 as the case may be. The said
forms can be downloaded from the Company’s
website under Investors section. Members holding
shares in dematerialized form may contact their
respective DPs for registration of nomination.

[p.418]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

the Double Tax Avoidance Agreement (DTAA)
between India and the country of tax residence of
the member, if they are more beneficial to them.
For this purpose, i.e. to avail the benefits under
the DTAA, non-resident shareholders will have to
provide the following:
•

•

Copy of the PAN card allotted by the Indian
Income Tax authorities duly attested by the
member
Copy of Tax Residency Certificate (TRC) for
the FY in which dividend is received, obtained
from the revenue authorities of the country of
tax residence, duly attested by member

•

Self-declaration in Form 10F

•

Self-declaration by the shareholder of having
no permanent establishment in India in
accordance with the applicable tax treaty

•

Self-declaration of beneficial ownership by
the non-resident shareholder

•

Any other documents as prescribed under
the IT Act for lower withholding of taxes if
applicable, duly attested by member

c.

39. NMDC, being a Government Company, all the
appointments to the Board and terms and
conditions thereto are fixed by the Government of
India.
40. The details of remuneration / sitting fees paid to
Board Members have been given in Corporate
Governance Report.
41.

37.

38.

Pursuant to Section 139 read with Section 142
of the Companies Act, 2013, the Auditors of
a Government Company are appointed or reappointed by the Comptroller and Auditor General
(C&AG) of India. However, the remuneration of
auditors shall be fixed by the Company in the
Annual General Meeting. Members may authorise
the Board to fix up an appropriate remuneration of
Auditors for the financial year 2024-25 after taking
into consideration including change, if any, in
statutory requirements, increase in volume of work
and change in inflation index.
Since the AGM will be held through VC / OAVM, the
Route Map is not required and hence not annexed
to this Notice.
The following documents will be available for
inspection by the Members electronically during
the 66th AGM. Members seeking to inspect such
documents can send an email to cs@nmdc.co.in.
a.

Register of Directors and Key Management
Personnel and their shareholding

b.

Register of Contracts or Arrangements in
which Directors are interested

414

None of the Directors have any relationship
with other Directors, Manager(s) and other Key
Managerial Personnel of the Company.

42. Voting through electronic means (Remote
e-voting)
I.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108
and other applicable provisions, if any, of the
Companies Act, 2013 and the Companies
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014,
as amended from time to time and Regulation
44 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and its
amendments, and the Circulars issued by the
Ministry of Corporate Affairs dated 25th September
2023, 28th December, 2022, 5th May 2022, 13th
January 2021, 8th April 2020, 13th April 2020 and
5th May 2020, the Company is providing facility
of remote e-voting to its Members in respect
of the business to be transacted at the AGM.
For this purpose, the Company has appointed
National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) for
facilitating voting through electronic means, as the
authorized agency. The facility of casting votes by
a member using remote e-voting system as well as
voting during AGM will be provided by NSDL.

II.

Members, who will be present in the AGM through
VC / OAVM facility and have not cast their vote
on the Resolutions through remote e-voting and
are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be
eligible to vote through e-voting system during the
AGM.

III.

The remote e-voting period begins on 21st
September, 2024 (09.00 a.m. IST) and ends on
23rd September, 2024 (5.00 p.m. IST). The voting
rights of the Shareholders shall be proportionate to
the shares held in the Company as on the cut-off
date i.e., 17th September, 2024. During this period
members of the Company, holding shares either
in physical form or in dematerialized form, as on
the cut-off date may cast their vote by remote
e-voting. The remote e-voting module shall be
disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter. Once
the vote on a resolution is cast by the member,
the member shall not be allowed to change it
subsequently.

In case of Foreign Institutional Investors and
Foreign Portfolio Investors, tax will be deducted
under Section 196D of the IT Act @ 20% (plus
applicable surcharge and cess).
36.

All the documents referred to in the
accompanying notice or explanatory
statement.

[p.419]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

IV.

The instructions for shareholders for remote
e-voting and joining General Meeting are as
under:
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting
system consists of “Two Steps” which are
mentioned below:

Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system
A)

In terms of SEBI circular dated 9th December 2020
on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies,
Individual shareholders holding securities in

Login method for Individual shareholders holding
securities in demat mode is given below:
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020
on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies,
Individual shareholders holding securities in
demat mode are allowed to vote through their
demat account maintained with Depositories and
Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised
to update their mobile number and email Id in their
demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility.

Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below:
Type of shareholders
Individual Shareholders
holding securities in
demat mode with NSDL.

Login Method

2.

If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available
at https://eservices.nsdl.com. Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or
click at https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp

3.

Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following
URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a
mobile. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the
icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new
screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit
demat account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification
Code as shown on the screen. After successful authentication, you will be
redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page.
Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will
be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the
remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.

4.

Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL Speede”
facility by scanning the QR code mentioned below for seamless voting
experience.

415

Financial Statements

Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. https://
eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. On the
e-Services home page click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login”
which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section , this will prompt you to enter your
existing User ID and Password. After successful authentication, you will be
able to see e-Voting services under Value added services. Click on “Access
to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to see e-Voting
page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you
will be re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during
the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the
meeting.

Statutory Reports

1.

Corporate Overview

LOGIN METHOD FOR E-VOTING AND JOINING
VIRTUAL MEETING for Individual shareholders
holding securities in demat mode

demat mode are allowed to vote through their
demat account maintained with Depositories and
Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised
to update their mobile number and email Id in their
demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility.

[p.420]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Individual Shareholders
holding securities in
demat mode with CDSL

Individual Shareholders
(holding securities in
demat mode) login
through their depository
participants

1.

Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their
existing user id and password. Option will be made available to reach e-Voting
page without any further authentication. The users to login Easi /Easiest are
requested to visit CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon
& New System Myeasi Tab and then user your existing my easi username &
password.

2.

After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting
option for eligible companies where the evoting is in progress as per the
information provided by company. On clicking the evoting option, the user
will be able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting service provider for casting
your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting &
voting during the meeting. Additionally, there is also links provided to access
the system of all e-Voting Service Providers, so that the user can visit the
e-Voting service providers’ website directly.

3.

If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at
CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login & New System Myeasi
Tab and then click on registration option.

4.

Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing
Demat Account Number and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available on www.
cdslindia.com home page. The system will authenticate the user by sending
OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat Account. After
successful authentication, user will be able to see the e-Voting option where
the evoting is in progress and also able to directly access the system of all
e-Voting Service Providers.

You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through
your Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. upon
logging in, you will be able to see e-Voting option. Click on e-Voting option, you
will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication,
wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name or e-Voting service
provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for
casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting &
voting during the meeting.

Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and
Forget Password option available at abovementioned website.
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to
login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL.
Login type

Helpdesk details

Individual Shareholders holding
securities in demat mode with
NSDL

Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk
by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at 022 - 4886 7000

Individual Shareholders holding
securities in demat mode with
CDSL

Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk
by sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll
free no. 1800-21-09911

416

[p.421]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

B)

Login Method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for shareholders other than Individual shareholders
holding securities in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode.

How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website?
1.

Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.
com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.

2.

Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under
‘Shareholder/Member’ section.

3.

A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a Verification Code as
shown on the screen.

4.

Your User ID details are given below :
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat
(NSDL or CDSL) or Physical
a)

b)

For Members who hold shares in
demat account with NSDL.

8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID

For Members who hold shares in
demat account with CDSL.

16 Digit Beneficiary ID

For Members holding shares in
Physical Form.

EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered with the
company

For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID is 12******
then your user ID is IN300***12******.
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 12************** then your
user ID is 12**************

For example if folio number is 001*** and EVEN is 101456 then
user ID is 101456001***
Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below:

a)

If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing password to login and cast your vote.

b)

If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial password’ which
was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial password’, you need to enter the ‘initial password’
and the system will force you to change your password.

c)

How to retrieve your ‘initial password’?

(i)

If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your ‘initial password’ is
communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from NSDL from your mailbox. Open the
email and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The password to open the .pdf file is your 8
digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL account or folio number for shares held in
physical form. The .pdf file contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’.

(ii)

If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in process for those shareholders
whose email ids are not registered.

6.
a)

If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “ Initial password” or have forgotten your password:
Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If you are holding shares in your demat account with NSDL or
CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com.
Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option available on www.
evoting.nsdl.com.
If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a request at evoting@nsdl.
co.in mentioning your demat account number/folio number, your PAN, your name and your registered address
etc.
Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on the e-Voting
system of NSDL.

b)
c)
d)
7.

After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the check box.

8.

Now, you will have to click on “Login” button.

9.

After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open.

417

Financial Statements

5.

Statutory Reports

c)

Your User ID is:

Corporate Overview

Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at https://eservices.nsdl.com/
with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on
e-Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically.

[p.422]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join General
Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system.

Shareholders and e-voting user manual for
Shareholders available at the download section of
www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on.: 022 - 4886 7000
or send a request to Ms. Sarita More, Assistant
Manager at evoting@nsdl.co.in.

How to cast your vote electronically and join General
Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system?
1.

After successful login at Step 1, you will be able
to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you
are holding shares and whose voting cycle and
General Meeting is in active status.

2.

Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to
cast your vote during the remote e-Voting period
and casting your vote during the General Meeting.
For joining virtual meeting, you need to click on
“VC/OAVM” link placed under “Join Meeting”.

3.

Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page
opens.

4.

Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options
i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number
of shares for which you wish to cast your vote
and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when
prompted.

5.

Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast
successfully” will be displayed.

6.

You can also take the printout of the votes cast
by you by clicking on the print option on the
confirmation page.

7.

Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you
will not be allowed to modify your vote.

Process for those shareholders whose email ids are
not registered with the depositories for procuring
user id and password and registration of e mail ids for
e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice:
1.

In case shares are held in physical mode please
provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned
copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN
(self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR
(self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card)
by email to ims@nmdc.co.in and to Company’s
Registrar and Share Transfer Agent email id: info@
aarthiconsultants.com.

2.

In case shares are held in demat mode, please
provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16
digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy
of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self
attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self
attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to at: ims@
nmdc.co.in and to Company’s Registrar and Share
Transfer Agent email id: info@aarthiconsultants.
com. If you are an Individual shareholders holding
securities in demat mode, you are requested to
refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A)
i.e. Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual
meeting for Individual shareholders holding
securities in demat mode.

3.

Alternatively shareholder/members may send a
request to evoting@nsdl.co.in for procuring user
id and password for e-voting by providing above
mentioned documents.

4.

In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020
on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies,
Individual shareholders holding securities in
demat mode are allowed to vote through their
demat account maintained with Depositories and
Depository Participants. Shareholders are required
to update their mobile number and email ID
correctly in their demat account in order to access
e-Voting facility.

General Guidelines for shareholders
1.

2.

3.

Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than
individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send
scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant
Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with
attested specimen signature of the duly authorized
signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the
Scrutinizer by e-mail to corporategovernance03@
gmail.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.
co.in. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than
individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their
Board Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority
Letter etc. by clicking on “Upload Board Resolution
/ Authority Letter” displayed under “e-Voting” tab
in their login.
It is strongly recommended not to share your
password with any other person and take utmost
care to keep your password confidential. Login
to the e-voting website will be disabled upon
five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct
password. In such an event, you will need to go
through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or
“Physical User Reset Password?” option available
on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.
In case of any queries, you may refer the
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for

418

THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR e-VOTING ON
THE DAY OF THE EGM/AGM ARE AS UNDER:1.

The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the EGM/
AGM is same as the instructions mentioned above
for remote e-voting.

2.

Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be
present in the EGM/AGM through VC/OAVM facility
and have not casted their vote on the Resolutions
through remote e-Voting and are otherwise not
barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote
through e-Voting system in the EGM/AGM.

[p.423]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

3.

Members who have voted through Remote
e-Voting will be eligible to attend the EGM/AGM.
However, they will not be eligible to vote at the
EGM/AGM.

4.

The details of the person who may be contacted
for any grievances connected with the facility for
e-Voting on the day of the EGM/AGM shall be the
same person mentioned for Remote e-voting.

Those shareholders who have registered
themselves as a speaker will only be allowed to
express their views/ask questions during the
meeting. The Company reserves the right to
restrict the number of questions and speakers
depending on the availability of time for the AGM.

8.

Members who need assistance before or during
the AGM, can contact NSDL, Ms. Sarita More,
Assistant Manager at evoting@nsdl.co.in or call on
toll free no.: 1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30.

9.

Shri Brajesh Agrawal (Membership No. FCS: 5771)
of M/s B. R. Agrawal & Associates & Co., Company
Secretaries, has been appointed as the Scrutinizer
to scrutinize the remote e-voting process and
voting during AGM in a fair and transparent
manner.

10.

The Scrutinizer shall immediately after the
conclusion of voting at the general meeting, first
count the votes cast during the meeting and
thereafter unblock the votes cast through remote
e-voting and make, not later than 48 hours of the
conclusion of the AGM, a consolidated scrutinizer’s
report of the total votes cast in favour or against,
if any, to the Chairman or a person authorized by
him in writing, who shall countersign the same and
declare the result of the voting forthwith.

11.

The results declared along with Scrutinizer’s
Report shall be placed on the Company’s website
www.nmdc.co.in and on the website of NSDL:
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com immediately after
the declaration of result by the Chairman or a
person authorized by him in writing. The Company
shall simultaneously communicate the results to
the BSE Limited (BSE), National Stock Exchange
of India Limited (NSE), and the Calcutta Stock
Exchange Limited (CSE), where the shares of the
Company are listed, within two working days of
conclusion of the 66th AGM.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING THE
EGM/AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM ARE AS UNDER:
1.

Member will be provided with a facility to attend
the EGM/AGM through VC/OAVM through the
NSDL e-Voting system. Members may access by
following the steps mentioned above for Access
to NSDL e-Voting system. After successful login,
you can see link of “VC/OAVM” placed under “Join
meeting” menu against company name. You are
requested to click on VC/OAVM link placed under
Join Meeting menu. The link for VC/OAVM will
be available in Shareholder/Member login where
the EVEN of Company will be displayed. Please
note that the members who do not have the User
ID and Password for e-Voting or have forgotten
the User ID and Password may retrieve the same
by following the remote e-Voting instructions
mentioned in the notice to avoid last minute rush.

2.

Members are encouraged to join the Meeting
through Laptops for better experience.

3.

Further Members will be required to allow Camera
and use Internet with a good speed to avoid any
disturbance during the meeting.

4.

Please note that Participants Connecting from
Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop
connecting via Mobile Hotspot may experience
Audio/Video loss due to fluctuation in their
respective network. It is therefore recommended
to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate
any kind of aforesaid glitches.

5.

Shareholders who would like to express their
views/have questions may send their questions
in advance mentioning their name demat account
number/folio number, email id, mobile number at
cs@nmdc.co.in . The same will be replied by the
company suitably.

419

Financial Statements

7.

Statutory Reports

Members who would like to express their views/
ask questions during the meeting may register
themselves as a speaker may send their request
from 12th September, 2024 (9.00 a.m. IST) to 14th
September, 2024 (5.00 p.m. IST) mentioning their
name, DP ID and Client ID /folio number, email id,
mobile number at: cs@nmdc.co.in.

Corporate Overview

6.

[p.424]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Details of Directors seeking reappointment at the 66th Annual General Meeting [Pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015]
Brief Resume of the Director
Name of the Director

Shri Amitava Mukherjee
(DIN: 08265207)

Shri Abhijit Narendra
(DIN: 07851224)

Date of Birth & Age

19.02.1968 (54 years)

14.09.1966 (56 years)

Date of Appointment

20.11.2018

09.02.2023

Qualifications

Nature of expertise in
specific functional areas

i)

Indian Railway Accounts Services
(IRAS) – 1995 Batch

ii)

Cost Accountant

ii)

Master of Commerce Degree
from Guru Ghasi Das University,
Bilaspur

Shri Amitava Mukherjee belongs to
the 1995 batch of Indian Railway
Accounts Services (IRAS). He is
Director (Finance) on the Board of
NMDC Limited and is presently holding
additional charge of CMD, NMDC. He
specializes in the areas of Financial
Management, Costing and Taxation.
With project management, digital
initiatives, and policy formulation as his
forte, he is also leading the Australia
operations of NMDC.
Prior to joining NMDC, he was holding
the post of General Manager (Finance)
in Rail Vikas Nigam Limited (RVNL).
Further, during his service in IRAS
from 1997-2016, he held key positions
in the Eastern Railways and received
the National Award for Outstanding
Services in 2006. Before joining
IRAS, he also worked at Indian Oil
Corporation Limited (IOCL) from 19941997.
He is also a Director on the Board of
NMDC Steel Limited and Legacy Iron
Ore Limited, Australia.

Indian Railway Traffic Service – 1993 Batch
B.Sc
LL.B

Shri Abhijit Narendra is an Indian Railway
Traffic Service (IRTS) Officer (1993 batch)
and is presently posted as Joint Secretary,
Ministry of Steel. He has served in different
areas of railways including operation,
commercial and safety management which
gave him rich experience of production and
sales management of Indian Railways. His
tenure in Railway Board gave him a broader
perspective of transportation business and
railways modal share. He has also worked
in Centre for Railways Information System
(CRIS), the IT arm of Indian Railways which
gave him the insight of development,
execution and running of IT applications.
He has also worked in Ministry of Railways
in the area of infrastructure development
through PPP, project structures and
financing, logistics etc. He has also been
associated with planning & execution of
big ticket railway infrastructure projects
like High Speed Rail and Dedicated
Freight Corridor. He has also represented
the organization and nation in various
international meetings and conferences.
He is also Director on the Board of Steel
Authority of India Limited and NMDC Steel
Limited.

Terms and conditions
of appointment and
remuneration

Being a Govt. Company, the Directors
on the Board are appointed by the
President of India acting through the
Administrative Ministry i.e. Ministry
of Steel, Govt. of India. The terms
and conditions of appointment and
remuneration are also as per extant
policies/guidelines of the Government
of India.

The Govt. Nominee Directors are appointed
by the President of India acting through the
Administrative Ministry i.e. Ministry of Steel,
Govt. of India. They are not entitled to any
remuneration.

Number of Board
meetings attended
during FY 2023-24

8 out of 8 Board meetings

7 out of 8 Board meetings.

420

[p.425]
NMDC LIMITED Annual Report 2023-24

Brief Resume of the Director
Shri Amitava Mukherjee
(DIN: 08265207)

Shri Abhijit Narendra
(DIN: 07851224)

Disclosure of
relationships with other
Directors and KMPs

There exists no relationship with other
Directors and KMP inter-se.

There exists no relationship with other
Directors and KMP inter-se.

Directorship held in
other listed entities
and the membership of
Committees of the Board

Directorships in listed companies

Directorships in listed companies

•

NMDC Steel Limited

•

NMDC Steel Limited

•

Legacy Iron Ore Limited, Australia

•

Steel Authority of India Limited

Committee membership
•

Stakeholders Relationship
Committee, NMDC Limited

Corporate Overview

Name of the Director

Committee membership
NIL

Listed entities from
which resigned in the
past three years

NIL

NIL

No. of Equity Shares held
in NMDC Limited

NIL

NIL

SPECIAL BUSINESS
Item No. 5: Ratification of the Remuneration of Cost Auditors of the Company for the financial year 2024-25.
The Board at its meeting held on 12th August, 2024 has, inter-alia, approved the appointment and remuneration of
M/s B. Mukhopadhyay & Co. Cost Accountants as the Cost Auditors to conduct the audit of the cost records of
the Company across various segments, for the financial year 2024-25 at a remuneration of ₹ 6.00 lakhs (excluding
travelling, out-of-pocket expenses plus GST).

In accordance with the provisions of Section 148 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Audit and
Auditors) Rules, 2014, the remuneration payable to the Cost Auditors has to be ratified by the Members of the
Company.
Accordingly, consent of the members is sought for passing an Ordinary Resolution as set out at Item No. 6 to the
Notice for ratification of the remuneration payable to Cost Auditors of the Company for the financial year 2024-25.
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set out at item no. 6 of the notice for approval by the members.
None of the Directors and/or Key Management Personnel of the Company and/or their relatives are, in any way,
concerned or interested financially or otherwise in the Resolution set out at Item No. 6 of the Notice, except to the
extent of their shareholding, if any.
By Order of the Board of Directors,
For and on behalf of NMDC Limited

Place: New Delhi
Date: 12.08.2024

(A.S. Pardha Saradhi)
ED (Company Secretary)
Membership No. FCS 10808

421

Financial Statements

M/s B. Mukhopadhyay & Co. have furnished a certificate regarding their eligibility for appointment as Cost Auditors
of the Company.

Statutory Reports

EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013

[p.426]
Shri Sandeep Pondrik, IAS, Secretary, Ministry of Steel visits NMDC Bailadila Iron Ore Mines in Chhattisgarh

NMDC commences Gold Mining Operations at Mount Celia, Australia expanding its Mineral and Geographical Footprint

[p.427]
Khanij Bhavan, Masab Tank,
Hyderabad - 500028, INDIA.
Ph: 040 23538713-21
