[p.1]
~~tt~ ~f'res
NMDC Limited

(~ ~ er;'( '3lllt) (A GOVT. OF INDIA ENTERPRISE)

7~
Azadi-:a

Amrit MahotsaV

~ q>f~{('t'Q : ·~ ~·. 10-3-311~. ~ ~. l1ffiTEJ ~. ~C:'<l~IC:- 500 028.
Regd. Office : 'Khanij Bhavan' 10-3-311/A, Castle Hills, Masab Tank, Hyderabad - 500 028.
~~I Corporate Identity Number: L13100TG1958 GOI 001674

m

NMDC

No. 18( l )/2022- Sectt

l 41h February 2022

1. The BSE Limited
2. National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,
Towers,
Exchange Plaza, C -1, Block G,
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy
Bandra Kurla Complex,
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051
3. The Calcutta Stock Exchange
7,
Limited,
Lyons
Range,
Kolkata - 700001
Dear Sir I Madam.
Sub: Transcript of NMDC Limited post Q3 FY22 Results Analyst/Investors Conference
Call held on 9th February 2022 at 15.30 hrs
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015; NSE Symbol: NMDC; BSE Scrip Code: 526371
Reference the captioned subject. please find enclosed Transcript of NMDC Limited
post Q3 FY22 Results Analyst/Investors Conference Call held on 91h February 2022 at
15.30 hrs, whic h is also being uploaded on the website of the Company.
Please take note of the above information.
Thanking you
Yours faithfully,

FtJ~ Limited
A S Pardha Saradhi
Company Secretary
Encl: A/a

~I Phones: 040-23538713-21 (9 Lines), 23538723, 23538767 ~I Fax: +91-40-23538711
~-1)(;{ I E-mail : hois@nmdc.co.in ~I Website : www.nmdc.co.in

[p.2]
NMDC
"NMDC Limited Q3FY22 Earnings Conference Call"
February 9, 2022

NMDC

U1c1c1 Securities

MANAGEMENT:

MR. AMITAVA MUKHERJEE - DIRECTOR {FINANCE),

MODERATOR:

NMDC LIMITED.
MR. SOMNATH NANDI - DIRECTOR {TECHNICAL),
NMDC LIMITED
MR. ABHIJIT MITRA- ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED

Page 1 of 17

[p.3]
NMDC
Moderator:

NMDC Limited
February 9, 2022
Ladies and gentlemen, Good day and welcome to NM DC Q3FY22 earnings conference call
hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder, all patticipant lines wi ll be in listen only
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes.
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing *
than 0 on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand
the conference over to Mr. Abhijit Mitra from ICI CI Securities. Thank you and over to you, sir.

Abhijit Mitra:

Yes, thanks operator and good evening to all the participants who are joining in. We are here to
discuss the Q3 FY22 Results Conference Call of NMDC. We have from the management with
us Mr. Amitava Mukherjee - Directive of Finance, and Mr. Somnath Nandi - Director
(Technical) to take us through the Results and take questions after that. So, over to you Mr.
Mukherjee for your opening remarks.

Amitava Mukherjee:

Good afternoon everybody. So, it has been a pleasure to present another set of very encouraging
numbers for this quarter.

For the nine months ended 31st December we have broken all records for the last 60 years be it
our production, our sales, especially the revenue from operations, which has grown by more than
125% as compared to last year and all the other parameters like profit before tax and profit after
tax. Even on a three-month standalone three months basis for the quarter alone our sales have
grown by 35% as you are aware and because of the 22.5% additional royalty of course, the
profitability could not show equivalent growth.

The Company is poised to make the highest ever production in its history and we are going to
build on this and in the coming years the production is likely to go up very substantially.

On the other fronts, the steel plant is on the verge of commission ing. The commissioning process
has been kick started with the heating of the coke oven battery which is the first and it is a nonreversible process now. So, it is a one-way street and we are on the path of commissioning the
steel plant.

The demerger of the steel plant is also on schedule and the proposal has been filed with the MCA
after obtaining the clearance of SEBI and the stock exchanges.

So, in all and all we are walking the path of our targets and we expect that this entire fiscal year
would be the best ever for NMDC and the coming years we will be building further on the
momentum that has been gained over the last 12 months.

So, with that I would like to open the floor for questioning. Thank you.

Page 2 of 17

[p.4]
NMDC
Moderator:

NMDC Limited
February 9, 2022
Thank you. Lad ies and gentlemen , we will now begin for the question-and-answer session. The
first question from the line of Rahul Jain from Systematix. Please go ahead.

RahulJain:

Yes, good evening sir, Rahul here just wanted to check on the timelines. Now, you said that your
commissioning has started so when can we see actual production coming in and on the demerger,
you said you know, you have fi led with SEBI and things li ke that. So, when should we expect
the actual listing or when will you come to know that you know we are now ready for listing and
I think both these things are parallel events right. So, how should we see you know, when do
these things happen?

Amitava Mukherjee:

I will talk about the dernerger and last I will request Mr. Nandi who is the di rector in charge of
the steel plant to speak about the commissioning. So, first regarding the demerger, as you know,
there is a well laid out process and the major milestones of obtaining clearances from the stock
exchange and the SEBI for the draft scheme has already been obtained, and along with the
requisite direction it has been filed with MCA. Now we have requested for waiver of creditors
meeting. So, if that request is exceeded, so I think from around late March or early, or maybe
end of April, we will be able to complele !hi.; prui.;i.;Juri.;. If, uf rnurse::, the:: MCA <lin:l:!s us that
no, we should hold the creditors meeting and as you know, we have very less creditors, almost
o nly two. So, we have only two instruments. So, if MCA were not to exempt us, then the
procedure will extend by a month, month and a half because we will have to give at least a 21day notice for the creditors meeting, then have a creditors meeting then get it filed all over again.
So, that will extend the process by about two months. Regarding the commissioning schedule, 1
would request Mr. Nandi to give you the details. Over to Mr. Nandi.

Somnath Nandi:

We have started the coke oven heating process and we are expecting production from coke oven
maybe in the end of March or beginning of April. So, after that, the production of the iron and
steel or whatever finished it may be middle of this next calendar year, that will be around July.

Amitava M ukherjee:

Because it is the process after the coke oven, next will be sinter plant, and then the blast furnace,
then the SMA and then the finally the mill.

Rahul Jain :

Amitava Mukherj ee:

So, you said July we should commi ssion the steel plant is that right.

No, we will roll out the finished product expected in July, but if you see the blast furnace we
w ill be making the hot metal earlier than that, May or June. Perhaps in May because coke oven
heating will take three months, and then one month of coke (Inaudible) 7:46 stock.

Page 3of17

[p.5]
"lR~itm

•

NMDC Limited
February 9, 2022

Rahul Jain:

On the disinvestment, so this wi ll happen parallelly or once you only after you have

NMDC

commissioned will the government or you it is the government's prerogative, any idea you have
on that.

Amitava Mukherjee:

Investment is being run by DlPAM. So, it will not be proper for me to comment on thetimeli nes
because that is a government prerogative, it is being run by a Government Ministry and I am not
privy to the exact details of transaction. So, I wi ll not be in a position to comment.

Rahul Jain :

But that will run independently, you know, along with the distinct process and things like that.
And sir can you give some sense on volumes? What kind of internal plans do we have for say
FY23 and 24? I mean, you had a great year and so it is picking up from a higher base where do
you see growth com ing on from next?

Amitava Mukherjee:

You see, we are planning at least 47 to 50 in the next financ ial year. This year, we should end
around I think 44-45.

Ra hu l Jain:

44, I was thinking more like 4 1-42 right now 44 you say. Okay.

Amitava M ukherjee:

And if things go well we can end up anything between 43 to 45.

Rahul Jain:

Until next year where do you sec growth coming from mostly from Chattisgarh because
Karnataka I think you have already exhausted, right?

Amitava Mukherj ee:

We have a 2.5-million-ton upgradation in the plants in Bacheli that is going to come up. So, that
will have commissioned from around mid-next year. It is 2.5-mill ion-ton fifth li ne in Bacheli
plant along with upgradatio n of downhill conveyor and then we have applied for EC for I 0
million ton at Kumarswami. If the approvals come in, some growth would be seen there also.
So, we expect on the FY23-24 in fact, about 50 to 50 plus.

Rahul Jain:

And lastly sir on your pricing, still it is looking a bit you know with a lot of lag in terms of how
the international prices are doing and how we because we have j ust hardly taken a Rs. 350 price
increase whereas we have seen almost a 50% price increase in the you know ex-China prices.
So, why are we seeing so much of a disconnect between the domestic and the international price
because I was thinking that with the cost for us also going up, we would be more proactive in
raising prices.

Amitava Mukherjee:

Now, you see, I have been always explaining this to in all my investors calls that international
prices and domestic prices are not linked. Domestic prices have always worked at anything
between 30% to 60% discount to the international prices simply because export is not a viable

Page 4 of 17

[p.6]
NMDC

NMDC Limited
February 9, 2022
option for high grade or because it has a 30% export duty, as a result the Indian market is fairly
isolated when the Jntemational Labor prices are only high. So, naturally there is no direct
bearing, it is one of the pricing parameters, but it is not it docs not have a d irect bearing on the
domestic prices. Domestic prices always are in the East Coast somewhere around 40 to 50%
discount of international prices. In the West it is being around 20 to 30% historically also and
so, but now, things have been looking up for the last one month. We have been able to take a
p1ice hike and we are keeping a very close watch on the domestic parameters: There are several
parameters that we take into account may it be the finished steel prices, how the pellets are
behaving and what is the domestic production, the demand supply position. So, there is a
multitude of variables that go into pricing. International prices is only one of them and a marginal
one at that. So, we are keeping a close watch on the market regularly and we will take a call as
and when it is feasible for us to do so, even we are obviously keen that the revenues that is
possible to generate from the market should be generated, but we cannot speculate on the pricing
as of now.

Moderator:

Thank you. The next question is from the line of the Pinakin from JP Morgan, please go ahead.

Pinakin:

First of alI, apologies if you have already answered this question I joined the call I 0 minutes
late. So, can you give us an update on the steel plant demerger and the scheme of arrangement?
Has it been fil ed? Where is it? What is the status of on the approval process?

Amitava Mukherjee:

I mentioned in the previous question somebody asked that the approval from SEBI and stock
exchanges has been obtained and along with the annexes, it has been fi led with the Mini stry of
corporate affairs with a request to waive off the meeting for creditors. If that meeting is waived
off by MCA then we should be able to complete the process of demerger from around end of
March o r end of April. If, however, the MCA directs that we should nonetheless hold a creditors
meeting, then what will happen is that the entire process will get further delayed by anything
between a month or two because it wi ll take 21 days to at least convene a meeting of creditors.
Any other question on this?

Pin akin:

Yes sir just one more question follow-up. Given that you have fil ed the demerger scheme
document, is it publicly can we understand what is the level of debt that has been transferred and
whether NMDC will NMDC be the existing Company? Will there be any investments that it will
own in terms of intercompany loan to the new steel Company or how will that transfer of assets
takes place?

Amitava Mukherjee:

No, no. What happens is that you see this entire scheme was avai lable in the stock markets. It
was available in the public domain when we had filed it because if somebody has obj ections,
they co uld have raised that. The amount of loans that will be transferred on NMDC account is

Page 5of17

[p.7]
NMDC Limited
February 9, 2022
actually nil because after the appointed date, that is April 1'1,2021, the CAP EX of N ISP is being
met through two debt instrument one is the non-convertible debentures of 543 crores that we
raised and another is a loan of around 440 crores that we have negotiated with SB! and all the
CAPEX is being financed through these two loan instruments. So, as the demerge takes place it
will be SBI and (Inaudible) 15:36 will sit on their balance sheet as creditor and not as NMDC.
The NMDC' s total investment of around 17,000 crores will be the only thing that would appear
in the demerged balance sheet and of course, that will be extinguished by issue of similar amount
of equity to the existing shareholders including the government.

Pina kin:

Surely sir lastly just from the not to close the loop on the steel plant, there were media reports
that Mecon has been given the contract so the blast furnace commissioning process wi ll start at
some point of time and where will the steel plant source the iron ore or as NMDC entering into
an agreement of sell ing the iron ore to the steel plant?

Amitava Mukherjee:

Oh yes, the iron ore will be sourced from Bailadila itself, our existing mines and our future mi nes
that will come up under the banner of NMDC CMDC Limited or NCL, which is Deposit-13 and
Deposit-4. So, there is plenty of iron ore, which is avai lable for supply to the steel plant. So, that
is not a problem. We have also assured that we have given an assurance in writing that we will
be willing to enter into at least a I 0-year agreement, long term agreement for supply of iron ore.
Of course, like any other Jong-term agreement, this will be un-priced. So, the prices will be on
the date of dispatch, but the assurance will be for at least a decade. So, we have given that
undertaking, both for the demerger process and the disinvestment process that NMDC will give
a I 0 year long term agreement with the demerged entity.

Pinakin:

Sir just to clarify, the pricing of the iron ore will be the same that you have in Chhattisgarh for
your other ores that you sell to other customers.

Amitava Mukherjee:

Prices will be as of the date of dispatch.

Pinakin:

Date of dispatch, there will not be any differential pricing for this particular contract.

A mitava Mukherjee:

No, absolutely not. We do not have any differential pricing or any of our customers be the big
be the small.

Moderator:

The next question is from the line of Prashant Kumar from Dolat Capital, please go ahead.

P rashant K umar:

Sir my question is regarding iron ore. Sir the current prices iron ore export potential. At the
current prices, even after paying 30% export duty, is it not a slightly more beneficial to export
some qualities? Now, I am not talking about the specific contracts with Japan and Korea that got

Page 6 of 17

[p.8]
NMDC

NMDC Limited
February 9, 2022
scrapped . I am not talking about that, general exports to Ch ina or some other country. Will it be
at par with domestic pricing or we will get a slight premium or what is your calculation
suggestion.

Amitava Mukherjee:

In files we will definitely not get it, but in I have not had the latest today the p1icing was around
i think $ 148 for 62% and around $179 for something for the 65%. So, at that rate, it still does
not make a major substantial increment over the domestic prices so as to trigger any export
option from our end. Apart from 30% duty was also realized that in export the freight from the
x mines to Vizag is ours. the entire 20% that is royalty and DMF and (Inaudible) 19.30 is also
on our account. So, when you arrive at a net back it is not only deduct not only 30% but then
you deduct to the royalty which in domestic sale is paid by the customer or the waring charges
which is a very substantial Rs. 1350 per ton which is paid by the customer when exports it is
paid by us. So, when you deduct all these prices and you arrive at the mine head it is not
necessary a very lucrative proposition to export even at around $180 or 65%.

Prashant Kumar:

Sure sir I completely appreciate the netback pricing methodology. Sir in case in any particular
month or in a couple of quarters, when there if at all there is a window that opens up so where
in, you know, what I mean? So, let's say iron ore suddenly globally spikes and at the same time
there is a significant lag in Indian market for the prices to catch up and if there is an opportunity
that arises where in will it be making Rs. 1000 or Rs. 1500 rupees more realizations versus
domestic after taking into account the netbacks. Will it be okay to export or that is completely
objectionable.

Am itava Mukherjee:

Yes. There is absolutely no in principle sorry, decision that we will never export and that is a
market that will never look at, obviously, we will look at it. But it depends on various factors of
domestic demands and other things as well and as and when we ramp up to 70 million ton, or
maybe 80 mi llion ton and 70 million ton by 2025 and 100 million by 2030. Exports might be
one of the options that compulsively we will have to look at, you might not have such
consumption from major street players because all of them are adding substantial amount of
captive mining to their kitty. So, what will happen then is a different thing but as of now, the
immediate mathematics do not work out, but in future of course, it is open even in the short term,
it is an option that is always open before us and we always take a note how profitable or not
profitable it is at any given point of time.

P r ashant Kumar:

Just finally understand but slightly different. Sir, do we have some plans or why not think about
having a substantial pellets capacity so that we can front load some of iron ore reserve utilization
sir pellets is kind of easily exportable and would you give some thoughts on it?

Page 7of17

[p.9]
NMDC Limited
February 9, 2022
Amitava Mukherjee:

If we have to export, it makes more economic sense to make it into a pellet and then export
because of the duty structure in pellet is completely different from the duty structure in high
grade iron ore and we are making a 2-mill ion-ton pellet plant at Nagarnar as a part ofthc Slurry
Pipelin e Proj ect and as and when the Phase-2 comes, which will be another 12 million pipeline
from our Nagarnar 2 Vizag. There is an option of making a 6-million-ton pellet plant at the Vizag
end also, but that is an option that has been kept. Deliberately we will have the option of selling
what you call as concentrates or then if we can choose we can make another pellet plant there.
But as of now the 2-million-ton pellet plant tender has already been awarded to L&T I think last
month on ly, this month only I think and it has a completion period of30 months so I understand
30 or 36 months. So, in around three years' time, we will have a pellet plant of2 the million ton
capacity in Nagarnar next to the steel plant, which will be NMDC prope1ty as a part of the Slurry
Pipeline Project.

Moderator:

The next question is from the line ofVishal Chandak from the Motilal Oswal Financial Services,
please go ahead.

Vishal Chandak:

Thank you for the opportunity. Sir just wanted to understand, you know, we are commissioning
the Steel Plant and we are appointing Mecon as MDO given the fact that Mecon really does not
have that kind of expertise, and they will be pulling in the expertise and finally the Steel Plant
will be sold off. Just wanted to understand what is the rush at this point in time to really
commission the steel plant when we do not have the Iron ore Slurry Pipeline or the iron ore
deposit which was eannarked for the steel plant also in our hand. So, j ust, you know, a thought
on that.

Amitava Mukherjee:

Before I answer the question, I would ask Mr. Nandi to join in. Two things number one, the
Slurry Pipeline has nothing to do with the N ISP plant. It is the only that there will be a 2-mill ionton pellet plant at Nagarnar, of which I million ton may be consumed by the Steel Plant
otherwise, it is something that we will have to sell in the market and even if 1 million ton is
consumed by the steel plant, we will still have I million ton to sell in the market. So, the Slurry
Pipeline has no generic linked with the steel plant. Second that there was never a captive mine
attached to the steel plant. It was always envisaged that our Bailadila mines would cater to the
steel plant and accordingly it is still in a position to cater, although the new mines under the NCL
flag that is Deposit-4 and Deposit-1 3 it will take some a couple of years to come. Number three,
why commission it now please understand that unless you commission the vendors will run away
you have a plant ready at 12% of the contract is on commissioning and testing and other things.
So, they are not going to wait for you for three years for somebody to come over one year to
somebody to come and then commissioning it because they have once they have built the
structure, they are in a hurry to prove that their plant works, take their money and go and we will
also not like a very-very expensive structure to be there and having nothing. So, now comes the

Page 8 of 17

[p.10]
NMDC

NMD C Limited
February 9, 2022
question of Mecon obviously, to run a steel plant, we need skilled people. Now the option for us
was that obviously, the question of pennanent recruitment was absolutely ruled out because it
was being demerged. Now, the other option was to get in these experienced people from the
market, NM DC could have personally done it, could have done it by itself by going to the market
and hiring such people on short tem1 contracts of three to fi ve years, but it was thought that
Mecon would be in a better position to talk to other experts, get a team of expe11s and monitor
the overall commissioning of the plant and operation of the plant and then hire skilled people
from the market on three to five year contracts, and then run the plant as well. So, it is Mecon is
basically working as an agency to get the skilled manpower and the super skilled manpower with
who can monitor the plant and on this, I would like the Director Technical also to enl ighten you
on this aspect.

Somnath Nandi:

Yes because Mecon handles, they are the actual consultant for the steel plant. There was a long
history of commissioning, getting ready steel plant as a consultant. So, they have the knowledge
of people who are in this line since long. So, their experience has been really useful for getting
the people that's why they are engaged. Nothing, nothing like that, that Mecon . Of course, they
do not have the experience of running a plant, definitely. But they are not running like MDO.
They are pulling in people and our people, whatever minimum people are there, they will also
be there in tandem with Mecon.

Vishal Chandak:

Thank you, sir for elaborate answer. That was quite elaborate sir. Sir my second question was
with regard to the status of the KK line. I think there has been a partly commissioned partly it is
working through, but one of the last part of that line is still under work in progress. So, what
would be the latest update on that sir?

Amitava Mukherjee:

KK line is actually as you know, 131 kilometers. So, out of 13 1 kilometers almost 85 has already
been commissioned and in various patches, and another 15 will be commissioned I think, another
15-20 will be commissioned in the coming two months. So, that leaves around 30 kilometers
which will visit the railways has promised us that it will be completing by December 2022. So,
that is the last part between Kirandul to Gidam that is the last part. The rest of it is already
working, commissioned and working and substantial part will be commissioned in a couple of
months and it will be working. Railway lines as you know, even a patch doubling gives you
benefit. So, it is not necessarily that once the end-to-end completion has to be done to take the
benefits. So, whatever has been commissioned, we are already tak ing benefit of that. There was
the estimates have gone up as well as was envisaged by around 300 to 400 cores and that is why
it required a renegotiation of our MOU with railways, which Actually now has been completed
and we have entered into a revised agreement with the rai lways MOU and accordingly the work
is progressing thereby understand them about the gender and promises that by December 2022
the entire 131 kilometer would be commissioned.

Page 9of17

[p.11]
NMDC

NMDC Limited
February 9, 2022

Vishal Chandak:

Sir just a follow up on this, if we have enti re 13 1 kilometers of line commissioned, so, what kind
of additional volume can we expect from Chhattisgarh in FY23.

Amitava Mukherjee:

Chhatti sgarh, if we do around 44 this year, the Chhattisgarh will be doing around 30 million ton .
Subsequently, if we go up to around 35 to 37 million in phases and then in the long tcnn, when
Deposit- 13 and Deposit-4 also come then Chhattisgarh itself will give around more than 60 to
70 million around 70 million tons, 65 to 70 but that will be 2030 approximately.

Vishal C handak:

I was looking at more closer as FY 23 and FY24.

Amitava Mukherjee:

I think this year it will be around 30-31 So, FY23 I think it will be around 34 to 35., 2.5 million
downhill conveyor at Bacheli coming up, coming in we are doing the waste mining. So, that
will. Jn any case di spatch is not a constraint even as on date. Even a 35 dispatch will not be a
constraint.

Moderator:

The next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Systematix Shares. Please go ahead.

Rahul Jain:

Sir, on the on the pellet side. Sir, you said that you are going to add 6 million in Yizag, is that
plan final or is it sti ll under consideration?

Amitava Mukherjee:

So, that is under consideration. What is what we are the Slurry Pipelines Phase-I is from Bacheli
to our steel plant in Nagamar that is a 16-million-ton Slurry Pipeline, right, that is Phase-I , for
which contracts have been awarded and work is going on and within that we have a 2 million
ton pellet plant at Nagamar, for which also contract has been awarded to L&P. So, this is the
Phase- I. Phase-2 is from Nagamar to Yizag which is 313 kilometers, which is at the project
elevation stage, we sanction the work, we are just evaluating the project, one of the options there
is that we are contemplating we might sell either the concentrate itself at Vizag of 6 to 8 million
ton or the other option B is that in future we might actually have a pellet plant of 6 to 8 million
ton and sell instead of concentrates, we·might as well sell pellet only at the contemplation stage.

Rahul Jain:

Can you spell out how much will be a CAP EX for FY 23 and what is the timeline for this Slurry
Pipeline I mean sense for next 2 years what is the CAPEX.

Amitava Mukherjee:

Next year we are planning around 3500 of which around the 2000 crores would be NISP that is
the steel plant. If the steel plant is demerged then for the mining business it will be around 1500
crores. Mostly on slurry pipeline which will be more than 500 cores and then we have a major
project of screening plant III at Kirandul which is a 12-million-ton capacity expansion plant,
screening plant at Kirandul so that will be.

Page 10of17

[p.12]
NMDC
Rahul Jain:

NMDC Limited
February 9, 2022
Sir you will not pursue any more steel investment right. I mean this is the fina l like in Karnataka
you may think of setting up a steel plant or something like that. Sir you will not contemplate
setting up any more steel plants right.

Amitava Mukherjee:

No that with now that Nagarnar will be demerged. I think the underlying fact is that we are out
of the steel business for the better or worse.

Rahul Ja in:

And you will not take up any more such initiatives in future right.

Amitava Mukherj ee:

No because once we have got out on once, I do not think it makes sense to get into another.

Rahul J ain:

No, I am just being clear about it. So, that this is the fin al, you know, sort of investment that we
have. So, in future all the cash flow will be towards dividend payment, right.

Amitava Mukherjee:

Never say never again . As of now it is a big no and it is a very resounding no, but then never say
never again.

Moderator:

The next question from the line of Ashish Gautam, an investor, please go ahead.

Ashish Gau tam :

I just wanted to know if we will get any proceeds from the NJNL stake sale because NMDC had
I 0% stake in the Company.

Amitava M uk herj ee:

Oh, yes, we are going to make a windfall profit out of it, not only our not only our loans will be
repaid in fu ll along with interest. Now that the court has come for 12000 plus crores. For the
I 0% stake, I think we should get around anything between 400 to 500 crores as a bonus.

Ashish Ga utam :

So, those proceeds wi ll be reflected in Q4 results, if I am correct.

Amitava M ukh erj ee:

It depends on when the realization comes.

Moder a tor:

We will move on to the next question that is on the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor &
Company, please go ahead.

Saket Kapoor :

Sir if we take if we look at the CAPEX done by the organization, it is on the improving the
efficiency and then on the volume increase. So, for this financi al year, for the nine months, what
has been our spend on the improving of efficiency on the various projects and also on the volume
increase, as I am talking about this screening lines and at site crushi ng plants, so, what is the
update on the same sir?

Page 11 of 17

[p.13]
NMDC
Amitava Mukherjee:

NMDC Limited
February 9, 2022
We have got big projects lined up, some of them are under implementation, one small one is 2.5
million tons at Bacheli, the downhill conveyor and the crushing plant 2.5 million ton and
additional line is being made. We have awarded a contract of more than I think 1400 crorcs for
the third screening plant at Kirandul which is a I 2-million-ton screen ing plant one of the biggest
in India. We have already approved; the board has a lready approved the project for relocation of
the crushing plant of Deposit- I 4 and Deposit- I I c. So, that more ore is the existing crushing
plants are sitting on ore body, so that they can be released and put to production and as you
know, the Honorable Minister himself may inaugurated our new screeni ng plant II at the
Kamataka sector Donimalai sector for 6 to 7 million ton. So, we have huge and these all projects
have already been approved and are at various stages of either tendering or execution. So, in the
next 3 to 4 years, all of these will be commissioned and then that is why we say that when a
previous question was asked that how much we will do at Bailadi la. So, naturally we should be
able to do more than 50 from Bailadila itself.

Saket Kapoor:

Sir what is the current EC clearance of our various mines both for Chhattisgarh as well as
Kamataka.

Amitava Mukherjee:

51.5.

Saket Kapoor:

And the work which we are doing the efficiency and the CAPEX. What are we eyeing in tenns
of the expanded capacity.

Amitava Mukherjee:

The plant capacity will go up to around 60 to 70 million done from Bailadila. I think 60 it will
go, not considering the NCL not considering the mines Deposit-4 or a Deposit-13 which are
under NMDC control through NMDC-CMDC Limited o r NCL excluding those I think, we have
capacity of more than 60.

Saket Kapoor:

Sir when we look at so when we look at the pallet part of the stories and last time it was infonned
that the 1.2-million-ton pallet at Donimalai would be contributing to the bottom line going
forward. So, what is the update on the same and the losses have definitely narrowed down for
this quarter. So, what is the update on this?

Amitava Mukherjee:

See for the 9-month period we have broken even for the first time there was this dropping off
the pressure fi lter, which has now been solved and the second filter is also being replaced now,
so, that will substantially increase the throughput of the pellet plant and once we hit at least 50%
or 60% we will start making handsome profits. We are currently we have increased from around
I 0% to 20% and we have already broken even and as and when the second filter is completed
that should take another 3 months at least 3 to 4 months. So, our capacity to be ramped up and
we are looking at sources to feed the pellet plant the best way to feed the pellet plant.

Page 12of17

[p.14]
NMDC Limited
February 9, 2022
Saket Kapoor:

Sir as we have contemplated this demerger scheme and as per the understanding of the listed
space once a Company goes through thi s corporate action buyback is not feas ibl e and is not
al lowed. So, by the time this entire process gets over the issue of coming up with a buyback is
totally ruled out. This technical understanding is correct sir, are we of the same view.

Amitava M ukherjee:

We are not contemplating any buyback as of now. We have already declared a total dividend of
more than Rs. 14. Yesterday we declared 5.3 or 5.9 and previously we are declared 9.0 1 I think.
So, that's Rs. 14.45 we have already declared. We are not contemplating as of now.

Saket Kapoor:

And for the cash flow part for the 9 months can you give the breakup how much has gone for
the CAPEX and what is the total dividend payout in absolute numbers?

Amitava Mukherjee:

Yes the total CAPEX is around 1600 crores of which the steel plant we have spent around 83
crores of which steel plant I 002 crores.

Amitava Mukherjee:

Okay, and for this remaining three months.

Amitava Mukherjee:

CAP EX fi gure of around everything between 2500 to 3000 crore.

Moderator:

The next question is from the line of combination Kamlesh Bagmar from Prabhudas Lilladher.
Please go ahead.

Kamlesh Bagmar:

Yes, sir, just one question on the part of this NISP. So, how much is the total land we have there
and how much has been used for the steel plant?

Amitava Mukherjee:

Director of technical will an.swer that.

Somn ath Nandi:

It is roughly around 2000 acres and as per the configuration not much land is left. You are asking
for the expansion part in that sense.

Kamlesh Bagmar:

Like what are the opportunities available to expand the current capacities with the available land.

Somnath Nandi:

It will be very difficult, but it can be worked out. Mecon has already estimated it and can go to
6 million tons with some rearrangements.

Kamlesh Bagmar:

No but like sir if they have to increase the capacity, whoever is the party or even if you like say
work on that land. So, can the capacity be increased with the current land available or we have
to acquire.

Page 13of17

[p.15]
NMDC Limited
February 9, 2022
Amitava Mukherjee:

The capacity can be increased to 6 million ton in the existing land but some amount of plants
have to be reananged.

Kam lesh Bagmar:

So, rearrangements is what sir.

Amitava Mukherjee:

Rearrangements means if we need second blast furnace then we wi II have to move the Lime and
Dolo plant, etc., to a new location.

Kamlesh Bagmar :

Okay and lastly, sir, on the part of this integrated commissioning. So, what is the status of coke
oven and all that to like say different modules of that commissioning.

Amitava Mukherjee:

You are asking about mode of steel plant.

Kamlesh Bagmar:

No, I am talking about coke oven plant and various other modules which are the integral to
commissioning or the integrated commissioning.

Amitava Mukherjee:

Yes, the coke oven heating process has already started. The production from coke oven is
expected to be sometime in end March or April. After that (Inaudible) 0:45:26 mid of next
calendar year, maybe June or July.

Kamlesh Bagmar:

Okay and lastly like near to the steel plant, what are the available land parcels or like is it more
of a tribal land? Would there be a forest clearance requirement to buy incremental land? What
is the thing there? What are the available infrastructure there at the plant.

Amitava M ukherjee:

And the land around the plant you're talking about?

Kamlesh Bagmar:

Yes, yes, around the plant.

Amitava Mukherj ee:

Actually, we are having a pellet plant they are around just beside the plant that is we are
manufacturing a pellet plant there. Leaving aside other private land is there and of course, forest
plant is also there, but those are to be acquired separately.

Moderator:

Prasenjit Bhattacharya:

The next question is from the line of Prasenjit Bhattacharya from lHS Mark it. Please go ahead.

I just wanted to ask you a little bit about iron ore market in India, how are you seeing the next 3
to 6 months in terms of demand and I do not know, you do not want to talk about prices as such,
but given the demand scenario, where do you see prices headed? Can we paint a picture?

Amitava M ukherj ee:

Yes, the last month, it has been on the upswing. So, that is good news for us. The demand has
been robust. Our demand has always been fairly consistent because of our quality, especially

Page 14of17

[p.16]
NMDC Limited
February 9, 2022
from the Bailadila sector and even now, with the pricing at Kamataka sector, we see very regul ar
demand being there. So, demand is as of now not a probl em. We have adequate demand and we
hope with the current steel prices be it sponge iron or be it flat, all of them have been reasonably
consistent and there has been slight upswing of based on that we could take a small price hike
after six months. So, going forward, we would expect that th is to continue, at least in the near
future. So, hopefully we are bullish about the demand scenario in the near future.

Prasenjit Bhattacharya:

Okay, so just a follow up question on the I didn't get you see your FY23 volume. What was your
target? Did you say between 4 7 and 5 1 million tons for FY23?

Amitava Mukherjee:

That is for FY23. We will do more than 47 to 50. Anything more than 47 to 50.

Prasenjit Bhattacharya:

Okay, more than 47 and just finally just wanted to understand this clarify that the steel plant
commissioning you are expecting in June or July of2023, right?

Amitava Mukherjee:

2022.

Prasenjit Bhattach arya:

2022 okay.

Amitava Mukherjee:

Coke oven plant is already; the heating has started it is a irreversible process. So, once coke oven
is commissioned in end of March.

Moderator:

The next set from the Sumangal Nevatia from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead.

Sumangal Nevatia:

First on the steel plant demerger. I joined the call late but I believe you said that by April end
we will get the demerger closed with the creditor approval required or not required, but the real
value unlocking wi ll happen when the steel plant gets listed. So, from there to the listing, what
are the steps and what is the time it could take.

Amitava M ukherjee:

It should take out two to three months to list a new Company in the stock markets, not more than
that, once the demerger is complete and it could be April or it could be June, depending on
whether we are exempted from holding the creditors meeting or not. So, once the demerger is
complete, the new Company will take the necessary steps to get itself listed in the market. So,
that should take listing up a new Company takes hardly a two to three months not more than that
maybe even a year.

Sumangal Nevatia:

Okay, okay, what are the steps, we have to file the DRHP or something of that sort are relatively
shorter route.

Page 15of17

[p.17]
NMDC Limited
February 9, 2022
Am itava Mukh erjee:

I will have to look at it. I can give you an offi ine thing. But right now, I do not have the detai led
steps for listing a new Company, but we have to file the Red HeITing Prospectus, etc., but I do
not think should be more than two to three months for listing a new Company.

Sumangal Nevatia:

Okay, no woITies, I will take it separately from you sir. Then only when (Inaudible) 51:34 of it,
till the time the dedicated iron ore mine comes in, wi ll we be supplying and also this time from
our existing Bailadila operation?

Amitava Mukherjee:

Yes, I have already informed you've joined late. So, number one, this production of a dedicated
mine was never with (Inaudible) 51.52. It was always contemplated that the Nagamar steel plant
will be fed through our existing mines in Bailadila and the new mines of Deposit-4 and Deposit13 that that will come under the NCL banner and we have also our clearance to the ministries
and to the new Company that we will be will ing to enter into a 10 year long tenn purchase
agreement unpriced of course to supply iron ore from our existing mines to the steel plant.

Sumangal Nevatia:

Understood. Thank you sir, for repeating it. The next question is CAPEX for 2022 you said 9
months is 1600 crores so remaining for fourth quarters for the overall for the year what are we
looking at?

Amitava M ukherjee:

2500 to 3000 crores depending on how fast the commissioning progresses because a substantial
amount of payments are due on commissioning activities. So, once the commissioning started,
these payments will get released. So, we expect to end at around 2500 to anything between 25
to 3000 crores anything between those figures.

Suma ngal Nevatia:

Sir do you think I mean what we spend in the 9 month we can spend that in the remaining 2 to
3 months.

Amitava M ukh erjee:

Also, that the Q4 is always 50% of the entire spends. If you see last quarter out of the 2000
crores we spent around 1100 crores in the last quarter.

Sumangal Nevatia:

Understood. The next question is on this balance sheet what is the net cash on 31st December.

Amitava M ukherj ee:

Net cash of 35,000 was around 6000 crores. Today we have around 8700 crores.

Sumangal Nevatia:

Today around Jan end.

Amitava M ukherj ee:

As on date it is 9000 crores. As on Jan end it was 8700 crores. As on today it is 9000 crores. Of
course, we have dividend to pay of the 1600 crores. Advance tax to pay about 1000 crores, some

Page 16 of 17

[p.18]
NMDC

NMDC Limited
February 9, 2022
(Jnaudible) 0:54:16 2700 that means to be 3700 crores is commi tted expenditures that we have
apart from the OPEX that we wi ll need for the next.

S umangal Nevatia:

Sir just one last thing on this N lNL divestment you said that there are some loans also extended.
So, we'll get of course equity of I0% but is there any loans also given from an NMDC to NINL.

Amitava Mukherjee:

Around 80 crores of loan was given that was interest-bearing loan. So, we will be comfortably
getting the entire thing back along with interest and apart from that after the NfNL meets all its
(Jnaudible) 0:55:02 I think outset more than 5000 crores will be left over after meeting all its
liabilities and we will get I0% of that. So, that we will be a windfall gain of around at least
getting between the expenditure.

Moderator:

Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now have the conference over the
management for the closing comments.

Amitava M ukherjee:

Thank you to all for attending this conference. We are in the middle of a great year. We expect
to continue this great run not only through the last quarter of this current fin ancial year, but also
to the next financial year. We expect to have major events lined up in the next financial years
including the demerger of the steel plant, the commissioning of the steel plant and substantial
capacity expansion of our mining business. So, the entire scenario looks very positive from our
perspecti ve, and given the overall demand situation of iron ore, we expect that this great run
would continue comfortably in the next financi al year. Thank you so much.

Moderator:

Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI Securities Limited that concludes this
conference cal l. We thank you for j oining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank
you.

Page 17of17
