[p.1]
lf' ~it'~ fi=tf}itg
NMDC Limited

(11RO ~ q;y '3'WI) (A GOVT. OF INDIA ENTERPRISE)

7~
~zad{a

-iri~ rv-·=i~ ot. 1V

~ ct>lllfC1ll : ·~ ~', 10-3-311{1:!, ~ ~. lfffll'l' ~. tc;'<li\11<:;- 500 028.
Regd. Office: 'Khanij Bhavan' 10-3-311/A, Castle Hills, Masab Tank, Hyderabad - 500 028.
~~~ I Corporate Identity Number: L 13100TG1958 GOI 001674

NMDC

No. 18( 1)/2022- Sectt

30th May 2022

2. National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,
1. The BSE limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001
Bandra Kurla Complex,
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051
3. The Calcutta Stock Exchange
7,
Range,
Limited,
Lyons
Kolkata - 700001
Dear Sir I Madam,
Sub: Transcript of NMDC limited post Q4 FY-22 Earnings Analyst/Investors Conference
Call held on 271h May 2022 at 11 .30 hrs
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015; NSE Symbol: NMDC; BSE Scrip Code: 526371
Reference the captioned subject, please find enclosed Transcript of NMDC Limited
post Q4 FY-22 Earnings Analyst/Investors Conference Call held on 271h May 2022 at
11.30 hrs, which is also being uploaded on the website of the Company.
Please take note of the above information.
Thanking you
Yours faithfully,

F
rt:imlted
A S Pardha Saradhi
ED (Company Secretary)
Encl: A/a

~I Phones : 040-23538713-21 (9 Lines), 23538723, 23538767 ');cm I Fax: +91-40-23538711
't-l)c;{ I E-mail : hois@nmdc.co.in ~I Website : www.nmdc.co.in

[p.2]
q01 o;s1Jl{ft ~
NMDC Limited

"NMDC Limited Q4 FY-22 Earnings Conference Call"
May 27, 2022

•

'flqJiJl«l ~
NMDC Limited

M ()1 I L\ I 0 S\\'.\ L

C

H 0

A

ol1d Resc rch Solid Adv co

MANAGEMENT: MR. AMITAVA MUKHERJEE - DIRECTOR (FINANCE)
MOD ERA TOR:
MR. VISHAL CHANDAK - MOTILAL OswAL FINANCIAL
SERVICES LIMITED

Page 1 of 22

[p.3]
•

l{<il{Ji41«l ~

NMDC Limited

Moderator:

NMDC Limited
May 27, 2022

Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q4 & FY22 Earnings Conference Call of
NMDC Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "*"then "o·· on your
touehtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference
over to Mr. Vi shal Chandak, from Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited. Thank you and
over to you sir.

Vishal Chandak:

Thank you very much Neerav. Good morning, everyone and welcome to the Q4 FY22 Earnings
Call of NM DC Limited. I would like to thank the management of NMDC for providing us with
this opportunity to host them for this call. As we all 101ow, it's a critical juncture and the
government has announced various measures, which obviously the management of NM DC
would be discussing. So, we have with us Mr. Amitava Mukherjee - Director (Finance) and he
would be joining with the CMD very soon.

So, without much ado, over to you Mr. Amitava sir.

Am itava Mukherjee:

Good morning everybody. So, this has been a great year for NMDC 1 believe the results arc
unprecedented in the history of NMDC. Even the Q4 production and d ispatches were the highest
ever. If we take the financials for the entire year, they are also the best ever. And it has been a
very, very good year despite the fact that we spent around 5084 1,;rurt:s against the additional
royalty that had to be given because of the MMDR act. So, despite all those we have managed
to record the highest revenue with just 26600 in tenn s entire top line and our revenue from
operations of (+25800). So, as the profitabi lity has also increased so overall it has been a very
good year. Going forward, we believe that from 42 this year we should be able to make46 to 47
million tonne we are planning to do that.

So, in the com ing year, let us see how the prices sustain the recent downtrend in prices. But let
us see how the situation develops, but we are confident that our volume increases would
compensate a little bit fair amount of decli ne that we've seen in prices even this year if you see,
when the top line grew by around 10,000 crores around 4000 crores were quantity driven. 4 16 8
crores was quantity driven which is the most comfortable thing for us to know. Also see from
Q4 to Q4 although the prices had come down and we had lost around 76 1 crores based on prices
but, the increased quantities actually helped us to earn 1248 crores more. So, we will have to
depend more on now the volume increase, the top line based on volume increases rather than on
price increases let us see how the price situation firms up, situation actually firms up in the near
future and we are confident that we wi ll be able to meet the challenges that come in this fiscal.

So, thank you Vishal we are ready to take the questions please.

Mod erator:

Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question
is from the line of Prashanth from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead.

Page 2 of 22

[p.4]
•

({'1({4i1'1! ~

NMDC Limited

Prashanth Ku mar Kota:

NMDC Limited
May 27, 2022

Sir in light to the recent duties announced by the honorable FM 'sand the Government of India
and right sizable in tenns of 30 to 50 from iron ore and 0 to 45 on pellets. Sir. now they arc doing
their pat1 to control inflation or to lower their infrastructure bill or whatever it is and et cetera to
help the poor but as a company, we need to do something to protect our margin so that the impact
is the least on this. So , from this point onwards if something radically even as a indust1y as a
company and also as industry we need to do to protect our pricing and our marg ins also. So, just
wanted to know your thought process on th is, because other commodity like if you see I 0, 15,
20 and is not expected, but then they manage prices so well across market even if there is
oversupply in vmious pockets, the map sizing is held up really good. So, something even we
shou ld radically do different to protect our prices, just wanted to know your thoughts sir.

Amitava Mukherjee:

There arc two things. So, far as the increase of 33% to 50% on all grades, it does not impact
NMDC directly because we were not exporting we were not in the export market. And to that
extent, so far strictly as NMDC is concerned it is of academic interest only. What it of course
does is that it increases the flow of low grade files if you see the last two years data, most of the
exports were low grade fil es and not high grade files, high grade files was less than 3 or 4 million
tonne, I was in fact just going through in the morning and the data that I was given was that high
grad e files wh en we exported 46 mi llion tonne from 62 to 65 was only 1.4 million tonne and last
year when we excluded 15.26 million tonne high grade fi les were 62 million tonne. Now, 58
so most of it were below 58 and some between 58 to 60. Now, as you know that in India there
is not much beneficiation facility that is operational, some of us have it installed, but it is not
operational. So, 58 will not necessarily as per my understanding effect the market of 64 because
had beneficiation faci lities been avai lable, then of course, you can say that 58 that will not be
exported will be diverted to Indian market and consumed in the Indian market. Obviously to
consume 58 you need to beneficiate it and not much beneficiation facil ities available except 1
believe in JSW I'm not very sure if others are operational or not, there are some installed
capacities including our own in Donimalai. But, most of it that is not operational because of
issues of disposal of tailings of that. So, 1 do not think again directly 58 ab undance of avai lability
of 58 wi ll again impact everything from 64 to 65 directly they are not in direct competiti on. So,
these are the two perspectives so far as we have for iron ore of course.

Regarding pellets of course as you know that in several small plants making sponges, etc., pellets
are obviously a substitute for lumps. And to that extent in that market, there would be when the
pellet prices fall and there would be a certain amount of competition there vis-a-vis pellets,
lumps and pellets of course but the figure that 1 was completely sort of a little surprise was that,
what I've been given from that, I understand from the steel mills is that in the last five, six days
pellets prices haven't fallen all that much although the other prices have fallen. The figures that
I have for seven days back at pellet in rifle has not fallen, pellet in Bell ary has not fallen but
there has been a decrease in prices of pellets at Burglary. So, still now pel lets are holding up
unti l such time pellets actually starts fall ing drastically that would be a direct competition to
lumps of course we have seen the general market and a couple of days back we have taken
substantial price cuts around Rs. 600 in lumps and fin es Rs.500 or something, I just don't
recalling the figure, I '11 let you know that. So, overall that is the scenario, of course with the steel

Page 3 of 22

[p.5]
l{'l l{J:Jt!Gl ~

NMDC Limited

NMDC Limited
May 27, 2022

prices com ing down. There might be pressures o n our prices, but let's sec ho\\' it sort of, ho\\
the things settled. lt's too early to speculate on anything.

Prashanth Ku mar Kota:

Understood. Sir a small follow up, the recent price cut that we have taken is it, you mean to say
this got nothing to do with the announcement that is generally market driven which was fire, 15
day Jag something. The Chinese crises falling, etc., o r this got somethi ng to do with the
government action also, that force the market to take this higher cuts?

Amitava Mukherj ee:

No, because basically if you see just before the pricing we keep a tab on how the steel market
was do ing even before the price cuts the prices have corrected by Rs.2000. Rs.3000 across the
board in HRCs and in longs also. So, there was a correction even before that, the correction has
continued after the duty impositions, all of that. So, to that extent some amount of correction
was required irrespective of the duty cuts. Let us see how it actually sort of stabilizes because
lumps we have cut by 600 and files we have cut by 750. So, to that extent, the prices on steel
and others also what happened just before the announcement, our off take from Chhattisgarh had
almost, it was being affected. A lot of off take was being affected. So, we had to make a p1ice
correction and thereafter now we are watching what is the price situation developing in the steel
sector and the iron ore sector.

Moderator:

Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Dixit from Edelweiss. Please go ahead.

Amit Dixit:

I have two questions. The first one is essentially on inventory, which has gone up sharply during
the year. And receivable is also up compared to last year. So, first of all, if you can let us know
the reason for the same, and are there any chances of reversal in working capital buildup that we
saw last year?

Amitava Mukherjee:

Let's take the receivable part first. I'll j ust brief you on that. So, the receivable are basically one
major component is the Monitoring Committee. Now thankfully, what we understand in a couple
of days, we' ll be doing direct auction and the Monitoring Committee we do not need to go
through that Monitoring Committee and receivables around 1700 crores were towards regular
dues of Monitming Committee, which of course today when the auction is held, they get the
money, but they give it to us after the last consignment of that auction has been taken by the
bidder. So, there is a gap of sometimes one month that increased because some of the bidders
are not lifting whatever there so there are around 1700 crores trade receivables in the year end
from Monitoring Committee, that of course has been liquidated, but fresh views have again been
there. So, that's a continuous process and that will thankfully come to an end when we start our
auctions by ourselves. So, now the Monitoring Committee will not be, the routing would not be
through Monitoring Committee. What is very good is, since we are mentioning Monitoring
Committee, that Monitoring Committee was retaining 20% of our earnings towards SPV and
toward ECL. Now, when we are going in for after the Supreme Court judgment, when we are
going in for our own auction, that wou ld not be there and we stand to gain 20% on all the auctions
that are done by ourselves rather than by the monitoring committee. So, that 's a big plus, pl us
for an NM DC.

Page 4 of 22

[p.6]
lfil{RJ!tjt ~

NMDC Limited

NMDC Limited
May 27, 2022

Another major component is of course, IRNL and that is the only company where we supply on
credit. So, that was around 1294 crores, but we have nO\\ entered into a bill di scounting
mechanism with involving IRNL. So, this in every three month's time wi ll get liquidated and
we will discount the bill s at very nominal cost and that di scounting cost will go to IRNL
themselves. So, that we have worked out a pennanent mechani sm so that the cash keeps coming
even if it is a slightly delayed than others that is the only pmty we sell on credit. And of course
then there is some miscellaneous, like 3 crorcs from MMTC and 21 crores which are more or
Jess 21 crorcs was regular dues which has been liquidated since and some are price revision areas
so that" s a small factor. So, this is about trade receivables.

Now, if we are talking about stocking, yes our stocking has gone up by around 1.5 million tonnes
because last year, our sales turnover was more than the production. Now as the production goes
up, naturally there wouldn't be some amount of stock build up and that is nothing to be alanncd
about its about 1.5 million tonne, last year it was actually much lesser. So, thaf s a nonnal part
when the production goes up some amount of stocking would obviously go up. Anything else
on this subject, then I can?

AmitDixit:

Sir just one follow up on this, what would be the ECL accrued, that is with the Monitoring
Committee, if the Monitory Committee mechanism is dismantled, then we would get that also
back?

A mitava M ukh erjee:

No, that would require a Supreme Court order which we have been pursuing the Supreme Court
for a long time. So, that would be 2848 and that would straight away the day we get it hit add to
our PAT, not to our PBT but straight to our PAT because we have been although in the books
of accounts writing it off, it has been constantly disallowed by the income tax authority as a
result we end up paying tax on that. So, as a result this 2850 odd crore come to us and it will not
require more than one or two hearing of the Supreme Court it will depend on when their lordships
decide to hear our case, but one or two hearing and we are ready to get the 2800 crores. So, that
will be a windfall game straight away adding to our PAT as and when we get it, but that will
require not only the dismantling of Monitoring Committee, but actually Supreme Court order.
And this is only I 0% we are not expecting the other I 0% to come back to us because that is our
contribution towards SPY.

Amit Dixit:

Okay. Sir the second question is one other expenses which have gone up sharply in th is quarter
despite nil exports. So, any specific reason for that?

Amitava M u kherjee:

Yes, I will let you know, only you want quarter-to-quarter or year-to-year?

Amit Dixit:

Sir, both will be great.

Amitava Mukherjee:

This is year-to-year let me talk to you about year-to-year of course the other expenses have gone
up by. So, you have some amount of increase in expected credit loss that's gone up by 325%
because the prices were h igh and it is an ad valorem charge. So, nationally, the higher the prices

Page 5 of 22

[p.7]
l{<i qJOJgj«! ~

NMDC Limited

NMDC Limited
May 27, 2022

the higher the expected cred it loss, then you have the mind closure obligations wh ich has gone
up by 49 crores that is because we keep on reviewing our cost per tonne for mine closure
obligations eve1y year. And this year, our provisioning has increased by around from Rs. 17. l 0
to Rs. 18.45 per tonne as a result is cost us 50 crores extra and CSR of course has been there for
around Rs.129 crores extra, SPY is like aga in the expected credit loss that is an ad valorem rate
upgrade when the prices went up so naturally our contribution to SPY would go up and to that
extent RfNL we have settled our dispute that has cost us around Rs.72 crores because we were
having a dispute with RfNL for around 150 crorcs regarding under loading and loading charges
when there were discrepancies so we have settled it half way with RINL around 70 crores to
their account and 70 crorcs to our account. So, these are the basic major heads where it has
actually increased.

Amit Dixit:

Sir, if I look at this quai1er in particular, it has gone up veiy sharply it used to be like 440 quaiiers,
400 to 500 crores approximately, for last several quarters but this particular quarter it is 114
crore. So, I was wondering why it has gone up?

Amitava Mukherjee:

ECL has gone up by around l 07 crores, SPY has gone up by around 4 I crores, mine closer
obligation has gone up by around 37 crores, CSR expenditure in this quarter has actually gone
up by 140 crores. So, these are all the big ticket ones that have gone up although the export duty
and railway freight has actually come down to zero, previously it was around 90 crores and 70
so 163 crores have come down on that, but it has been more than compensated by the ECL and
the SPY expected mine closure obligations around 37 crores in the Q4, CSR by around 140
crores and around 6 crores by the NMD faci lities.

Moderator:

Thank you. The next question is from the line of Siddharth Gupta from Voyager Capital. Please
go ahead.

Siddharth Gupta:

Sir my question is with regard to the demerger, so we were told that the next update with regard
to it wou ld be around July and when will the plant be commissioned and when can we expect
some further updates on it?

A mitava Mukherjee:

The next big event in the demergercalendar is on 7th of June, when there is a meeting of creditors
the MCA has given the direction that this meeting of creditors and meeting of shareholders will
both be held on 7th of June notices for which have been sent on 4th of May to the respective
creditors and shareholders. And additional Secretaiy MOS madam Rasika Chobe has been
nominated by the MCA to chair both the meetings. So, this will be held and once that is held and
passed by both the creditors and creditors only above one crores have been asked by MCA to be
there for electronic voting and registration. So, after that, these are carried through in both the
creditors forum and in the shareholders will be going back to the MCA and thereafter it should
take around once the orders are passed by the government of India, then we need to file it back
with the stock exchanges. And then we need to extinguish the shares of NMBC and NCL and
issue share in the ratio of I: l and then list that share in the stock exchange. So, apart from
listening, I shou ld tiy my estimation is it should take around three months after we fil e the

Page 6 of 22

[p.8]
•

lfil{JlJl~ ~

NMDC Limited

NMDC Limited
May 27, 2022

compliance or the detailed rcpo11 regarding these meetings on the 7th of June. So, let's sec
another a couple of months maybe for listing of shares of NM DC' Steel Limited. So, thi s is so
fa r as the dcmcrger story is concerned, anything you need to ask on demergcr then I 'II move on
to the client commissioni ng.

Siddharth G upta :

No, sir l want to ask about the commissioning itself

Amitava M ukherjee:

The commission ing as you know we' ve been hitting the coke oven for now three months, coal
consignments have already a1Tived at Nagamar. We arc ready for coke p ushing but unfortunately
a major breakdown happened in the oxygen plant in the sense that 11 KV motor got burn ed and
our experts tell us and Nikon experts tell us that an 11 KV motor is as big as this room that we
have sitting in. If s not a small motor, it's a huge motor made by BH EL. Apparently they have
not seen such a motor bum out in their lifetime. The engineers with 30 years of experience tell
me that it has never happened in their lifetime. But that has happened in Nagarnar oxygen plant.
As a result, of course that there will be a lack of availability of n itrogen and as you know that
this coke oven is to be dry cooled, dry quenching has to be done with ni trogen. So, we arc looking
for alternative ways including getting nitrogen throug h tanker. And of course, th is motor itself
has already been sent to Bhopal works of BHEL and they are getting it ready. So, once that is
ready, that should take another 10, 15 days to come to Nagarnar and get reinstalled and then
we' ll have a steady source of nitrogen but to that extent, so far, because we will be doing three
months of coke pushing to bui ld the coke stock so that we can light up the blast fu rnace, it will
take at least two mo nths. So, by that two months we should be able to arrange through tankers it
takes about one and a half tankers per day for the coke to be quenched that comes out of one
coke oven battery. And by the time we can do the second coke oven battery on those things, but
th is was a setback, so this was a maj or setback, which was there. So, the heating has already
reached the critical temperature and the coke at least, three or four which have already arrived,
one shipment has arrived at Gangavaram and out of that four or five rigs have already arrived at
Nag arnar the rest will also arrive shortly. So, we are otherwise ready with the first part of the
thing and then it is a chain of events that happens one after the other.

Siddharth G upta:

Okay. So, that's unfortunate to hear about that oxygen motor, but sir if I understood co1Tectly,
the plant should be even according to your estimates, by the end o f July or beginning of August,
we should be able to commission the plant through other anci llary measures?

A mitava M ukherjee :

So, that's the current outlook I hope by the time the BHEL motor comes back and we are able
to do that because operating a full -fledged plant based on nitrogen fro m tankers would be a risk
fa ctor. But that is not a major problem so far as we are bui lding a coke stocks because the blast
fu rnace by that time has not been lig hted up. But once it is completely synchronized with the
blast furn ace requirement then it is obviously that we would like the oxygen plant to supply us
with enough nitrogen.

Moderato r :

Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajesh Bhandari , Indiv idual Investor. Please
go ahead.

Page 7 of 22

[p.9]
lff q~Jl{fl ~
NMDC Limited

Rajesh B ha nda ri:

NMDC Limited
May 27, 2022

Yo u j ust know mentioned that next year our production could reach to someth ing around 46 to
4 7 mill ion tonnes.

Amitava Mukherjee:

That is where we are looking at.

Rajesh Bhandari:

Yes sir. So, in this, how much wil l be the 64% and how much will be the lower grade?

Amitava M ukherjee:

We don·t actually get, we don 't actually mind lower grade at all. All our production is around
62% to 65% lot of this around 2.3 million tonnes will come from Bacheli itself because the fi fth
line of screening and the downhill conveyor argumentation which was halted last year because
the consultant has gone bankrupt that was FR proj ects have gone bankrupt as a result we didn ' t
have th e consultant, now that we have appointed the consultant around three, four months back
and the work is done. So, that wi ll give us an incremental straightaway of around 2.5 to the three
million tonne at Bacheli itself and the rest would be the incremental increase in the other
projects. We are also driving hard for the ceiling, if it is readjusted at Kamataka so will get
another 3 million tonne out of Kumar Swami from 7 it can go up to JO we are having our
contracts in place for I 0 because Kumar Swami as you know is mostly private mining. We do it
through raising contracts. So, we are now this contract would be instead of7 million tonne we
are already d esigning the contract for I0 million tonne in anticipation that sooner or later, we
will be able to increase our ceiling from 7 to I 0. So, taken all of these because we deal in high
grade 011ly 1111<l luw gra<le is sometimes only an aberration because the geology of a particular
mind but we deal with +63 Plus definitely +62 and mostly it is 63, 64 and in Bacheli it is 65 also.
So , to that extent, yes we are looki ng at somewhere around 47 this year.

Rajesh Bhandari:

Yes. So, in that you said nonnally it is +62 grade.

A mitava M ukherjee:

Yes.

Rajesh Bhandari:

And we do get 65 grade also.

Amitava M ukherjee:

Yes, especially from Bacheli.

Rajesh Bhandari:

Yes, and you also mentioned 64 grade and above has normally no competition.

Amitava Mukherjee:

Yes, because most of Odisha is 62, 6 1, 62 most of Kamataka is 62, 63.

Rajesh Bhandari:

No, out of 46, 47 million tonne the production what we are anticipating how much is going to
be the percentage roughly of (+64%) where we will have not much of competition?

Amitava M ukh erjee:

The Bacheli mines that produce the 64 grid and 11 B that produces deposit five which is 65%
nonnally, and most of the DRS come from there and 11 B Kirandul, which is again a very high
grade mi ne, these two taken together produce about 15, 16 million tonne these two mines. But,
at the time of selling you see what sort of demand is there and if required we blended with a
slig htly lower grade to get it to 64 also, it is not that whatever we mine straight away we sell it.

Page 8 of 22

[p.10]
•

q<iqSJJl«I ~
NMDC Limited

NMDC Limited
May 27, 2022

Some amount of limited bl endi ng to meet our customer requirement is also clone at the point of
dispatch. So, it really doesn't matter how much we mine of course we mine around anyth ing
between 13 to 15 million tonnes from these deposit five and 11 B which is very, very h igh grade
mines so, the Kumar Swam i and Karnataka is obviously slight ly lower grade it's around 62 to
63 but most of Bailadila is very high quality .

Rajesh Bhandari:

Okay. And our and our lumps as well as fines both arc nonnal ly +62 grade only?

Amitava M ukherjee:

Yes, we don't do below 62.

Rajesh Bhandari:

Okay. Normally our customers are all fixed customers?

A mitava Mukherj ee:

70% of our sales is to three big customers. So, that is JSW, ArcelorMittal and Yizag. So, 70%
of our sales is there and then there is a big market in Raipur that we have that is another 10% let
us say around 4 million tonne at Raipur. It depends somewhere around 3 to 4 million tonne at
Raipur. And Raipur is a conglomeration of many sponge iron and DRI and all those things. So,
that would be around let us Raipur and 3 main is around 70% and Raipur would be around again
another 15% let us say.

Raj esh Bhandari:

And 15% would be small ones.

Am itava Mukherj ee:

Rajesh Bhandari:

Sir you said direct auction when you do you will be benefited by 20%.

A m itava Mukh erj ee:

Straight away.

R ajesh B handari:

Yes, so how much direct auction you will be doing sir?

Amitava M ukherjee:

40 million tonne is there, in Kamataka our production is around 12 to 14, our ceiling is 14 we
did 13 last year so this year, we'll defin itely do 14, so 14 million tonne we were compulsorily
doing through the Monitoring Committee. Now this entire 14 million tonne we' ll be doing
ourselves. So, 14 million tonne 20% last year we did 12.19%, 19 million tonne. So, this entire
14 million tonne 20% of that would be coming to our kitty which otherwise losing and that is if
we talk about 14 out of 46 so that's quite about 30%.

Raj esh B handa ri:

That's 30%, is quite a good amount.

Amitava Mukherj ee:

Yes, from 30% to 20% it's a huge amount it's a big boost for us.

Ra j esh Bhandari:

Yes, when you will do 47% mining then inventory won 't increase much?

Amitava Mukherjee:

Our inventory can't increase too much above a level because most of our mining is at hill top
and dispatches are from the valley, so where we get in town via a conveyor belt so as you know

Page 9 of 22

[p.11]
l{<i l{i{Jl«) ~

NMDC Limited

NMDC Limited
May 27, 2022

the va lue will always have a limited space of stocking. So, there is no way that if I wish I can
stock 8 mi llion tonne or 9 milli on tonne or I 0 mill ion tonne. It 's not a plain land like Australia
mining is. So, l have physical constraint of space. So, beyond a pa1t icular limi t obviously
stock ing up physical good is not possible.

Rajesh Bhandari:

Yes, because lot of people will enter market for iron ore.

Amitava Mukherjee:

I was telling earlier how is export in market, if you see 95% of the exp01t were around below
60% and 90% was below 58 and I said below 58 you don't have market in India. You don't have
beneftciation facility. Whatever is there it's closed, my one faci lity is closed in Karnataka which
is of pellet plant, why because I do not get the forest clearance and other clearance for sending
my tai ling, if you will beneftciate it then tai ling will come off, there will be tailing, the more you
beneficiate the more the tailings, now where do you go show your tailings so we don't get
pennission so my I million tonne beneficiation plant which is attached to the pellet plant is
lying idle and that is whosoever has beneficiation plant in India would be lying idea on the same
account because he can't do anything to the tailing. Except I am told for JSW at Toranagall u
nobody has operational, I have been told this, but thi s has to be re-verifi ed except for that I don 't
think anybody has operational beneftciation facilities right now. Lot of them might have installed
beneficiation facilities, but operational, I have my serious doubt except JSW wh ich does it for
it' s own pellet plant within the Yijaynagar this is what I' ve been infonn ed.

Moderator:

Thank you . The next question is from the line of Sak et Kapoor from Kapoor & Company. Please
go ahead.

Saket Kapoor:

Sir, when we look at the cash flow the provision for bad and doubtful advantage stood at around
560 crore. So, this as a major component of this expected credit loss only?

Amitava Mukherjee:

ECL and SPY, we don't sell any credit, we don't give any credit facility to any of the customers
expect RINL. And with RINL also now I have entered into what is call the bill discounting
system so I don't have, so this is the only provision and from next year you will possibly not see
it because we had around 560 crores of expected loss and SPY for another 48 l crores. So, these
are the only provisions that are made, no other none was favor.

Saket Kapoor:

So, this line item is not going to appear next year and it is a direct gain?

Amitava Mukherjee:

Unless the government comes up with something else but as of now nothing.

Saket Kapoor:

Because the mechan ism of this monitoring committee gets d ismantled by what time?

Amitava Mukherj ee:

Now the customers will directly pay to my bank account rather than paying the monitoring
committee because we are ourselves holding the, the next auction would be in a couple of days
only today I only have the proposal for auction by NMDC itself. So, that would be the first of
the block. Let' s see in a couple of days.

Page 10 of 22

[p.12]
•

lfi cp:iJl{fl ~

NMDC Limited

NMDC Limited
May 27, 2022

Saket Kapoor:

Sir you spoke about the off take being an issue at the Bacheli unit?

Amitava Mukherjee:

Last around 8, I 0 days yes because a lot of it also depends as I say in Raipur that time a lot of
size door is going to Raipur and Chhattisgarh the thing is that people sometimes stop lifting in
anticipation of a price fall. That can happen here, price will fall further it's like by deferring
buying of shares that in a bear mark el okay let it fall a little more all that sort of th ing. So, there
was the normal uptake had actually come down in the Bailadila sector specially from the Raipur
belt. So, now that the prices have corrected things will improve.

Saket Kapoor:

Situation is still status quo as of now because the price correction has happened two, three days
earlier only?

Amitava Mukherjee:

There is some amount of movement there, yes.

Saket Kapoor:

Okay. Sir why have the employee benefit expenses gone up sir if you could explain quarter-onquarter and year-on-year also more than 50%?

Amitava Mukherjee:

Yes, let me explain year-on-year, so that has gone up by around 252 crores but a major
component of this is that there was a loss in the investment of PF trust that's about I 10 crore,
the PF trust at that point of time had invested in ILFs and Dewan Housing which were at that
point of time AAA rating and Reliance Capital al so there was some cumulative that and naturally
the PF trust has to be reimbursed as per our trust laws. So, that cost us about I 00 crores and there
was this, you know that DA was frozen, and when it was unfrozen. So, that cost is around 22
crores and then there was a wage revision provision because the workmen wage revision is done
every five years and now it is due. So, we have started providing for in anticipation of for that,
because that was due for three months. So, the proportionate provisioning came to around 2 1
crores and we had deployed from special incentive, etc., when we trust the EPOC making 14
million tonne so that cost us around a couple of crores. So, these are the major heads where
things where went up.

Saket Kapoor:

How will the annual number look now going forward ?

Amitava Mukherjee:

Going foiward obviously, the loss of investment appear 100 crores will not be there, the DA
increase wou ld be normal and obviously, the special incentive would not be there, but the wage
revision provision of around 20 crores will be on an annualized basis be around 60, 70 crores a
year.

Saket Kapoor:

So, out of this 1300 crore annual this 1200 shou ld be the next year num ber in proportionate to,
if we remove the one off item?

Amitava Mukherjee:

Yes, so if you remove the one-off item yes around 1 I 50 to 1200 anything between that.

Saket Kapoor:

And what is our update on the CAPEX on the projects that we have lined up for this year
especially the slurry pipeline and sir you spoke about the pellet plant and we have been losing

Page 11 of 22

[p.13]
Cf! qqJll"fl ~

NMDC Limited

NMDC Limited
May 27, 2022

money on a quai1erly basis although the year-on-year losses have come down from 133 crorc to

7 1 crore, but still.

Amitava Mukherjee:

This year we made a loss of only 2 crorc in pellet plant, from 71 it has come down to 2 crores.

Saket Kapoor:

Sir but in your other, in the segment result it is reflected pellet other minerals at 71 crore on ly?

Amitava Mukherjee:

It in cludes others also; you have Panna for 61 crorcs where the mine is close. We lost 6 1 crores
and then Palwancha we lost around 23 crores, pellet plant is only 2 crores and now there was a
head office of course with a profitable organization of (+39) crores, but pellet plant we made a
loss of only 2 crores.

Saket Kapoor:
Amitava Mukherjee:

Okay. Sir on the royalty part as it is now 22.5% the additional one, sir what portion.

We paid 5084 crores on an annualized basis for the 12 months against 149 crore what we paid
for the last four days of the last year.

Moderator:

Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohammed Farooq from Pearl Trading. Please
go ahead.

Mohammed Farooq:

I'm a minority shareholder, I' m holding shares for the past 15 months. what I think like regarding
the minority shareholders, being misled for the past 15 months with the demerger postponing
for the last four quarters, again second question is like what steps are taken by the management
to improve the value or the PE ratio of the company, if you look to unlock the steel plant which
is almost 20,000 crores and your market cap is 35,000 crores your PE is only 1.5 which is one
of the lowest in the world. So, what does the management do for this, I am holding for last 15
months I'm participating in all the conference call and every time I hear the demerger is
postponing by three months and three months and three months and I' m moving money can you
please explain. Thank you.

Amitava Mukherjee:

I do not agree with your th ing that we have been taking you for a ride or something. I would
strongly object to such insinuations being made against the management, I would strongly in the
possible tenns, I would tend to disagree with the insinuations that you have been mak ing. Now
coming to your question, of course, as you know that the demerger is a process and there has
been no delay in compliances of the requirements so far as NMDC is concerned, be fil ing of the
first appeal, be it taking permission of the stock exchanges. Now these organizations whether it
is MCA or the stock exchanges, they have their own procedures and own timel ines o f working
through the finally after pursuing MCA we' ve been able to get this date of 7th of June for th is
next big event in the demerger calendar. So, there is no way that there has been any delay on
NMDCs part, if you believe whatever has come has been one of the fastest so far, not on ly in
cases, but possibly the demerger process in other sectors. So, I would completely disagree with
you that we have been postponing it by three months, every time our compl iances have been
there, but it does take regul atory and procedural approvals and these come from organizations
which are not within our control and despite our sincerest and the hardest follow up this is the

Page 12 of 22

[p.14]
C{<iC{AJl«I ~

NMDC Limited

NMDC Limited
May 27, 2022

best timelines 1 believe not only in the PSUs, I do not recollect the demcrger of PSU and thei r
timeline. But in the other private sectors also this is absolutely one of the fastest possible things.
Regarding the PE ratio, this company it is right now at 3.55 and, of course, the market wou ld
take cognizance of the pe1fom1ance of NMDC and the expectations of NMDC, but I will not
speculate on how my share prices would be doing we arc, as a corporate it' s a very well-run
corporate and if I were individual investors, the prospects of the company as I have been
explaining, both in tenns of physical growth and in tenns of financial growth, physical I' m
saying we are going from 35 to 47 in two years, I don ' t think anybody else can possibly have a
complaint against such a huge massive growth and so, is the financial growth has been more
than extraordinary going from 15,600 to around 26,600 crore and going further with the help of
ECL and others being abolished we will be able to my own expectation is that we will be able
to overcome or compensate the losses that might be there on account of a certain amount of price
being on the lower side as compared to the previous two years. So, all in all the prospects of
NMDC is rather encouraging. Thank you.

Moderator:

Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ritesh Shah from Investec. Please go ahead.

Ritesh Shah:

Sir my first question is, if you could quantify the CAPEX number for FY23 and 24 and if you
could g ive a broad split of the CAP EX that will be sir very useful?

Amitava Mukherjee:

CAPEX we are actually aiming around 3500 crores this year, this year we are aiming at around
off with around 1500 crores will be regarding commissioning expenses of the Nagamar Steel
plant, now that the commissioning will kick in rather. So, there are milestone payments related
to commissioning and price variation clauses that will also kick in simultaneously. So, that
should cost us around 1500 crores, slurry pipelines should be another 850 to 900 crores anything
between that because as you know the pellet plant contract of around I 000 crores has already
been awarded to L&T and basic design engineering work is under progress. The pipeline laying
work was about I 000 crores it was allotted about a year back and a lot of pipes, etc., has already
been bought so that is in full swing and the verification of facil ities they have to be tendered, but
that I hope it will be done soon. So, let us see what that is another major area of expenditure
would be the slurry pipeline because the works are now in execution phase. And then as you
know that the third screening plant at Kirandul, which is another 3000 crore project that has also
been awarded , the major contract of that is around 1400 crores that has been awarded around six
months back again to L&T. So, we expect around anything between 300 to 500 crores being
spent on that contract as well. So, overall, out of this 3500 crore, these three big ticket ones
should cost us, we should be able to spend around 27, 2800 crores of these three big ticket
investments. Apart from that we have the development for coal blocks in Rohne and Tokisud
that should cost us around 200, 250 crores in tenns of various approvals and land and all those
cost and then we have miscellaneous expenditures the rest of it about 200, 300 crores wou ld be
on the various miscellaneous projects that we have.

Ritesh Shah:

Sir, thi s was very useful , very comprehensive. Sir, my second question is, how much was the
total CAPEX for the steel plant. How much of it has already been done and the balance CAPEX

Page 13 of 22

[p.15]
C{'i lpitJQl ~

NMDC Limited

NMDC Limited
May 27, 2022

how it will be funded, whether it will be a loan, NCO how should one understand that. Thank
you.

Amitava Mukherjee:

This is a cumulative expenditure till date and I'm talking about May up to May is 20,420 crores
has already been spent, the estimated expenditure is around 22,000 erores. So, that's all owed
2000 crores more to go and mostly it is either commissioning related mileston e payment or a
little bit of price variation here and there. So, these are the two basic heads of the rest of the 2000
crores of about 1500 to 2000 crores will be spent we expect around 22 ,000 crores to be spent
that is the revised estimate. So, that is the one, what was your second question sorry, I completely
forgot.

Ritcsh Shah:

Sir, my question was the balance 2000 crore, how it will be funded?

Amitava Mukherjee:

Yes. So, as you know that there is a credit line with Stake Bank of India for 4400 crore that we
have actually entered of which we have drawn till date around 1144 crores So, there is more than
a 3000 crores, 3400 crores which can still be drawn from that credit line. So, I don' t think fun ding
is going to be an issue at all funding, commissioning and initial runn ing ti ll such time it starts
generating revenue, I don' t think that's going to be a problem at all.

Ritesh Shah:

Sir, this is very useful. Just last question sir, by when do we expect full commissioning of the
steel plant any pmiicular date, month that?

Amitava Mukherjee:

What do you mean by full commissioning. You mean by rolling out of the coils or you want the
blast furnace blowing?

Ritesh Shah:

Rolling out of the coil sir.

Am itava Mukherjee:

From the date we start, let us say, and I'm just think ing a loud now. So, coke pushing would be
around two months, let us say at least and if we start that by June mid, then two months of coke
pushing and then followed by about a month of the other things. So, June, July, August, that
should be somewhere around August and September. Because once you, light the blast furnace
and you have hot metal coming out, you need to do, you better have your FMS and the rolling
there because it's a single line steel plant. I j ust can 't do anything with the hot metal.

Ritesh Shah:

Con-ect, sir. I presume the slab caster and SMS is already in place, right?

Amitava Mukherjee:

Yes, the slab caster has been tested also, it's being regularly being tested also. Generally it's
doing that and they have been up and ready and the SMS part is also, the entire people from
prime metals are there so that problem had been solved long time back.

Moderator:

Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumangal Nevatia from Kotak Securities.
Please go ahead.

Page 14 of 22

[p.16]
q"fqJiJl~ ~

NMDC Limited

S umangal Nevatia :

NMDC Limited
May 27, 2022

Sir couple of questions. One, you shared a lot of detai ls on the steps for a steel plant de-merger
and eventual delisting. If you have to conclude and summari ze, what is the realistic timeline, is
it fou ti h quarter of this financial year or FY24 are we looking at deli sting of the plant?

Amitava Mukherj ee:

No, I don' t think it will be next year. because if 7th of June is the big ticket event. That is the
ma in event. Once we get it, and we' ll be able to fil e it with the MCA for the orders of the
government, within June itself. So, thcrcafi cr right up to the listing of NMDC Steel share should
not take more than four to fi ve months. That 's our estimate that includes listing of the shaft itself.
So, we have once we do this, then we go for the fin al hearing of the MCA and as the government
w il l ul timately pass the order fo r sanctioning of the scheme. And now since because the
government itself is foll owing us very hard regarding the demerger process, and Deepum is
obviously pursuing this with us very, very strongly. So, I would be ve1y optimistic about
government taking the least time to issue the orders, once the compl iance boxes have been sort
of checked. And th is is the one maj or thing event is 7th of June. So. I guess then things would
be expedited. So, I am hopefully after 7th of June another fou r to fi ve months max.

Sumangal Nevatia :

Okay. So, by December, you're expecting it to get listed.

Amitava M ukherjee:

I would hope before that also. Now, it also depends on what if SEBI take some time at the fi nal
stages of the stock exchanges take some time and the final we can only follow them but they are
1101 umlt:r uur cuntrnl. Su, tht:y havt: tht:ir own internal procedures and due diligence, all those

things, but yes fou r to fi ve months would be fai rly comfortable.

Sumangal Ncva tia :

Understood and the steel SPY so what sort of debt wi ll it have eventually given we have credit
lines, et cetera. So, what is the?

Amitava Mukherjee:

Two things we have done MCB of around 530 crores, and we have drawn about 144 crores so
if it was to be - 56:27 today it will have a liability of around 1700 crore as on date.

Sumangal Nevatia:

Understood. Sir second question on the employee cost and the CAPEX which you shared so,
employee cost what is the guidance in the coming quarters and g iven that there was a very sharp
increase this year?

Amitava Mukherjee:

I said that, annually about 100 crores was due to the reimbursement of the loss of PF trust. So,
as 1 said , on the previous questions from I 000 crore is likely to go up to I 082 crores was last
year, this year guidance would be around 1200 to 1250 crores max. 1200 crores let us say
because some one time expenditure like the CF trust or the special agreement or those things
will not be there. So, my own estimation would be anything between 1200 to 1250 let's say 1225
sort of.

Sumangal Nevatia:

Understood, and sir lastly on the CAPEX if you add up all the heads which you shared this slurry
pipeline 800 crore, pipe laying I 000 crores, Steel plant 1500, then screening plant, development
of coal blocks and miscellaneous, it comes to around almost 4500 crores.

Page 15 of 22

[p.17]
•

q'iqs:i~«l ~

NMDC Limited

Amitava Mukherjee:

NMDC Limited
May 27, 2022

No, don 't add back these, when I'm saying 900 crorcs for slurry pipeline, the sluny pipeline has
both the contract of the pellet plant of I 000 crorcs and the pipeline taken together we expect
evc1ything between 800 to I 000 crores in these two major contracts. Similarly, stee l plant is at
about 1500 crores and out of the 3000 crore contracts about 1400 crore contract of the th ird
(Inaudible) 58:14 plant, we will be spending around 400 to 500 crorc. So, these three big ticket
as I said is anything between 2700 to 3000 crores these big-ti cket ones. The coal is around let's
say 180 plus 60 around 200 to 250 crore. So, that' s 3200, 3300 of the five big projects and the
rest is miscellaneous.

Sumangal Nevatia:

Okay, understood. And just one last thing sir this December the Kamataka mine is Kumara
Swami is coming for renewal. So, do you foresee any sort of a disruption or a gap in production
or a smooth process?

Amitava Mukherj ee:

It is in October and now that the issue has been settled regarding the renewal premium which is
22.5%. So, now that the ru les of the games have been settled, I do not see much of a challenge
on that. We are doing our homework and all those applications and et cetera have already been
made. And things have already been pursued, I am sure that this time we do not expect disruption
even for one day.

Moderator:

Thank you . The next question is from the line of Rash i Chopra from Citigroup. Please go ahead.

Rashi Chop ra:

Sir this question on the, you've mentioned that 46, 47 million is what you 're targeting in tenns
of volume this year. From a selling p erspective, do you see that this entire volume that
incremental 6, 7 million tonnes is going to get absorbed without imp acting p ricing?

Amitava M ukherjee:

Yes, I don't think demand has still b een an issue because as I said in the question earlier that
around 70% goes to the three b ig ones that we have and around I 0%, 15% to the Chhattisgarh
p lants which are basically dependent on hig h grid ore from us only. Considering that our grade
and considering the requirement of our main customers, I don't see the challenge because as you
k now that most of our customers have their own expansion p lans and have their own
requirements, which is much in excess of what is our incremental production. So, I don't think
that is something that I would be very concerned about at this stage.

Rashi C hopra:

Okay. And on pricing, do you anticipate that this, we've already taken a con-ection on 600 to
750. Do you anticipate that there can be a further con-ection in June?

Amitava M ukh erj ee:

I will not speculate on prices that would be suicidal for us but let us see how these are early days
b ecause duty imposition has only been for around seven days. So, most of it, most of the
discussion in the industry and in the p ink papers are more the academic and we have not seen
the actual effects, the long-tenn effects and things, how it depends on the prices. So, give it some
time and I would not speculate on how o ur pricing would be in the future. So, let us see the price
movement of steel and other iron ore producers in the new duty regime which has been

Page 16 of 22

[p.18]
•

Cfil{J"ltl~ ~

NMDC Limited

NMDC Limited
May 27, 2022

implemented. So, keep our fi ngers crossed and hope that the prices would stabil ize around our
what we are currently right now.

Moderator :

Thank you. The next question is from the line of Satydccp Jain from Ambit Capital. Please g o
ahead.

Satydeep Jain:

Just a couple of questions. One on the steel plant commissio ning, now we understand Mecon
has been hired to hire people for running the plant, where arc we in that process of the finding
that team to run thi s plant when it comes on?

Amitava Mukherjee:

They have already been hired and some of them are already, some of the boots are already on
ground and some very senior personnel is also now a station at Nagarnar peopl e who have been
Chainnan of major steel producing company have worked with almost all the steel majors and
very senior retired people who have kindly agreed to join our efforts in commissioning Mr. Singh
the ex-Chairnian of IRNL, I am just forgetting his name, he is also there. So, we have had some
people with great experience and great standing in the steel industry who have kindly decided
that they would be stationed at Nagarnar and oversee the entire process. And we are lucky to
have such experienced people BN Singh sir is there already who was the ex-Chairman oflRNL
and has worked almost everywhere with JSW with all the big names, he has been a very senior
positions. Apart from that we are getting experience hands from all over the steel industry
through Mecon and a substantial part of them, few of them have already, Shri BN Singh is also
overseeing our efforts and a lot of people with adequate steel experience from various steel
products have also joined in and more yet to join some of them have their notice periods to serve
et cetera, et cetera. And naturally, the critical staff is already there and those people would be
joining by the time we are completely in the full role of the commissioning process.

Satydeep Jain:

Okay, that's good. Sir second question on the pricing, maybe a fo llow up to Prashant question
in the first question and then some of the other questions is, the objective for Coal India is to
maximize the energy security, whereas the objective for NMDC is to maximize shareholder
returns. Now NMDC is also the largest player in the merchant market, the pricing has an impact
on the IBM prices also, can we I just want to understand any future pricing action will be driven
only by market dynamics or is it just market dynamics that will determine the pricing for
NMDC?

Amitava Mukherjee:

Market dynamics has been the only cri teria that we've followed for what we call is the our
pricing strategy and phi losophy, there is no other consideration. We cannot have any other
consideration because around 80% of our sales are to private steel makers. So, naturally we play
by the market, they play by the market. So, naturally, it's completely market dominated strategy
on both the ends. So, like I would not like to speculate on what Coal India does or others do. But
so far as we are concerned obviously it' s purely market driven and it has to be market driven
always, because if you leave out RINL which account for around 20% of our consumption, the
rest of the entire consumption is by private players and we cannot have any other strategy other
than those being pure driven by pure market conditions.

Page 17 of 22

[p.19]
•

(f1q4~~ ~

NMDC Limited

Moderator:

NMDC Limited
May 27, 2022

Thank you. Next question is from the li ne of Pall av Agarwa l from Antique Stock Broking. Please
go ahead.

Pallav Agarwa l:

Just a questi on on what are the closing cash and cash equivalence including some of the long
term liquid investments as of 3 1st March?

Amitava Mukherjee:

We had around some 7000, I'll just give you the fig ure just one second please. 7752 was the
closing cash balance on 3 1st of March, of which 56, 5500 were with PSU banks, and around
2097 crorcs were with private banks. At that time, we had redeemed all our mutual fund s for
payment of taxes, et cetera, ct cetera. So, around 7752 was the cash balance then, 7816 was the
cash balance is right now.

Pallav Aga r wal:

And sir this is after paying dividends right?

Amitava Mukherjee:

Yes, I am talking about 3 1st of March when the entire dividend was already paid, and rm talking
about 24, today is 26 and I have the cash 27, as the cash balance on 24th which was 78 16 crores.

Pallav Agarwal:

Sure, sir. Sir also just it would help in your presentation there's a slide on the basic domestic
price of iron ore. So, if I look at that the Q4 average was about Rs.4440 per tonne and just when
you calculate the blended realization it comes to close to 5400. So, is it the royalty thing, what
else is how does this add up?

Amitava Mukherjee:

This is basic, we do not add a royalty thi s is what I charge. So, you will have 15% royalty over
and above this, 30% or 15% of OM F and NMET and 2% of DMF and NMET over and above
that. So, but the 22.5% comes from within this price.

Pallav Aganval:

Okay. And sir lastly sir now once Kumar Swami also is renewed then we can assume a flat
royalty rate and there will not be any discrepancy among minds and probably?

Amitava Mukherjee:

Yes, definitely. One good thing about now that you 're listening I' ve forgotten to just flag another
benefit for NMDC from this entire self-option that the Karnataka sector and this is very, very
important because that' s good to add to our top line. In the Monitoring Committee setup, what
was happening was that the royalty was being collected extra over and above our basic price by
the Monitoring Committee, but the DMF and NMET were being paid from our pocket. So, if I
collected Rs. I 00 then Rs.15 additional was being collected by the Monitoring Committee and
out of Rs.115 , Rs. 15 was being paid to these Kamataka state government towards royalty and
Rs.20 was being retained by them. And then the rest Rs.80 was being sent to NMDC. Out of that
Rs.80 we ended up paying around Rs.5 as DMF and NMET. So, even after the taxation I was
left with Rs.75, when I declared a price of about Rs. I 00, now this Rs.5 also like in Chhattisgarh.
For us, we now declared the basic price so if I declare it at Rs. I00, my collection from a customer
in Kamala would be the same as collection from my customer atom, Chhattisgarh, it will be
Rs. 115, plus Rs.5 that' s Rs.4.80 actually let's take it at Rs.5 from the customer and Rs. 115, I'll
give it to the state government as royalty, Rs.5 or another Rs.4.80 I will give it to the state
go vernment and the trust as DMF and NMET and I will retain Rs. JOO so my retention from

Page 18 of 22

[p.20]
q<1qinfl«l ~

NMDC Limited

NMDC Limited
May 27, 2022

Rs. 75 actually goes up Rs. I00. So, that's another 5% added to the bottom line. So, that's really,
really big time and we expect that this to be that it accounts for third of our production almost
and third of our production and sales. That's a big plus point for NM DC. Sorry, I forgot to
mention this earlier.

Pallav Agarwal:

Sure sir. Sir, just finall y our tax rate, effective tax rate was littl e higher this quarter. So, for the
full year, we'll probably be back it 25% tax rate or slightly higher than that?

Amitava Mukherjee:

25% plus what you call the surcharge and some amount of d is-allowances are there because if
you see you ' re the Monitoring C<,m1mittee expenses arc disallowed, the mine closure obligations
is disallowed. So, all these you want to add back , CSR is disallowed by the tax authorities, what
you have add back these, then the taxes would fa ll in the correct bracket. And as I said, as and
when we realize the 2848 crores from the Supreme Court order, it will straight away add to our
PAT because we have already paid tax on that expenses. So, we cannot be taxed twice over. So,
naturally that will add up straight to our PAT. Hopeful ly, we' ll try our best to go, we have not
recorded for the last four, five years despite our efforts. I hope that with the Monitoring
Committee auction not been through monitoring committee, I would rather hope and expect that
we wi ll be able to realize this 2848 crore, the Supreme Court would be kind enough to give some
time and issue a judgment on this.

Moderator:

Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kirtan Mehta from BOB Capital. Please go
ahead.

Kirtan Mehta:

In terms of the steel plant, you ' re given a very detail about the commissioning timeline and first
coil production you expect in sort of July, August.

Amitava Mukherjee:

August would be more realistic, July because two months would it take to build a coke sock.
And once we light the blast furnace then it is the expressway. So, before the lighting of the blast
furnace, it is more of a sort of a passenger train because you need some time to stop and build
up the coke stock and all those things. But once you light up the blast furnace then you have hit
the expressway at full speed there's no way because you can ' t do anything with the hot metal
that comes out unless you have the SMS and the roll ing mills.

Kirtan Mehta:

I understood that, but I had a fo llow up question on that in tern1s of how do we think about sort
of reaching to a full capacity of 3 million tonne, what are the things that would be required from
startup to reaching the capacity of 3 mill ion tonne and which are the units which will help to
reach?

Amitava Mukherjee:

I am coming to that. I have been told by Danieli and other things when I have been interacted
with them. And I'm not a technical person but I' m actually this is what my infonnation is when
I talk to the Danicli people who have given the blast furnace or Danieli who is making the slab
crafter or type metals who's making the SMS and all those things. They say because these are
very state of the art installations be it 4800 MQ blast furnace and the state-of-the-art mill s and

Page 19 of 22

[p.21]
•

\{'l\{JiJhJl ~
NMDC Limited

NMDC Limited
May 27, 2022

SMS. They say that ramping up these are not really a big-time job they are easy to ramp up and
once you have the raw material s. Once you have the stabil ity of operations and you·vc tested
that commission ing that and got your PE so ramping up is not supposed to be a challenge as it
used to be in the o lder type blast furnaces and all those mills. This is what I've been told that
ramping up is not really a major challenge in such state-of-the-art technology item s.

Kirtan Mehta:

Rig ht sir, that' s very useful just are there any further downstream units, which would also have
to be commissioned after this?

Amitava Mukherjee:

No blast furna ce, SMS or the BOF whatever it is and then we can slap crafter, the first if of
course the coke oven and that we have already heated, I said the cok e has already arrived but for
the nitrogen p lant we would have started pushing coke sometime back itself.

Kirtan Mehta:

Understood s ir. Second question was about the iron ore industry in India in terms of you have
highlighted that you would be raising capacity to 46, 47 million tonne that is 6, 7 million tonne
additions. ls an Indian industry, which arc the iron ore capacity those arc due for ramp up this
year, and how much capacity addition we can expect this year?

Amitava Mukherjee:

We did as a countty with did 250 million tonne or 251 million tonne last FY. So, what is to be
added is the OM C the new leases that OM C has got but most of the leases that they have got is
essentially running mines, which were auctioned, then surrendered and then allottt:d tu OMC.
So, I really do not have the readymade figures how much that is going to add, because those
were, some of them were inoperative fo r one or two years. Some of them were operating a little
b elow capacity for couple of years and some of them were operating. So, from 250 mi llion tonne
not much incremental capacity apart from NM DC and OMC is going to come. Now let' s see
how OMC does because our plans are going from the 742 to 4 7 hopefully, and as I said 3 mill ion
tonne from Bacheli straight away to 45 to three, another two at least from Kumar Swami apart
from the organ ic growth.

Moderator:

Thank you. Next question is from the line of Yikas Singh from PhillipCap ital. Please go ahead.

Vikas Singh:

Just one small clarification likely you said that w ith direct auction we would not have to forego
that 20% of.

Amitava Mukh erj ee:

20% and th is 5% of the DMF NMET as well.

Vikas Singh:

But at the same time, we are j ust considering I 0% in ECB we are just considering I 0% of the
amount wh ich would come back that to 848 crore?

Amitava Mukh erjee:

Yes, our contribution to SPY is non-reversible, because that is one fund that has been created
for mitigating the environmental damages that were there in those three districts. So, that would
never ever come back to us because th at is going for that special purpose vehicle which has been
specially made for with a very specific purpose. What is going to come back is the I0% that was
retained on account of NMDC doing its own due diligence which we h ave done, and which we

Page 20 of 22

[p.22]
C{"IC{'lJl~ ~

NMDC Limited

NMDC Limited
May 27, 2022

have showed that we have done and no w it"s only and what is awaiting is the date from the
Supreme Court and a couple of one, maximum one or maximum two hcaiing to get this.

Vikas Singh :

So, sir regarding the same. So, are we say ing that this going forward if we are doing direct sale
so that I 0% contribution which any which way was going to and not recoverable. We don ' t have
to pay goi ng forward that?

Amitava Mukherjee:

As of now, we do not have any order saying that you must pay I 0, we are presuming that since
the entire Rs. I 00 that we said is going to come into our bank and in the absence of any specific
direction that okay out of the Rs. I00 you must deposit Rs. I 0 with so and so and so for such and
such purpose. I do not think that I0% needs to be contributed as the instruction stand as of now,
because they itself what I was readi ng, itself that the corpus of that I 0% of earlier retention of
the last I 0 years is so huge that spending that itself is a fairly humongous and challeng ing task.

Vikas Singh :

Understood, so this is not statutory obligation so we don ' t have to spend?

Amit ava Mu kherjee:

As of now there are no instruction so, I have not been there is no instructions saying that since
you are collecting that Rs. I 00 right now directly from your customers that you need to deposit
Rs. I 0, Rs.5 or Rs.7 with such and such authorities there are none. And since there are none, we
have not, we arc presuming that no further contribution is required. And also we have heard, as
I said that 11 lot of significant amounts of corpus has already been created through this I 0% over
the last I0 years. So, I really don 't know whether further such contributions will be required or
not. As per our assessment it would not be required as of now as things stand.

M oderator:

Thank you.

Am itava M ukherjee:

Vishal, it's I hour 20 minutes.

Vishal C handak:

Yes, so we can close now here sir.

Moderator:

Thank you. Sir any closing comments?

Amitava Mukherjee:

Yes. Our coming financial year would be at least as good as the current one, if not better, certain
headwinds in terms of lower prices, et cetera. I expect to be compensated or sometimes even
more than well compensated by certai n other developments like taking off the Monitoring
Committee, 20% and 5%, 25% additional realization there. So, overall, when because again as I
sai d even in the macro basis, 58% does not really compete in the direct terms with our 63 to 64%
FE. So, on an overall basis, that our performance p hysically will definitely be better than as
compared to the last financial year and even financial we' ll be able to at least hold if not better
our perfonnance as last year, given the overall compensating nature of the benefits that are there
as compared to the headwinds. So, we had a great exciting year, behind us last year and we
expect to have a g reat and exciting year in front of us where the demerger is due, and all those
value releases will be there. So, it wi ll be a overall a better and a healthy balance sheet in this
current financia l year. So, thank you so much to Vishal and your team and anything else Vishal.

Page 21 of 22

[p.23]
•

q01qqJltj1 ~
NMDC Limited

Vishal Chandak:

NMDC Limited
May 27, 2022

Thank you very much for th is elaborate call sir, a lot of in vestors queries ha~ been resolved and
addressed. So, hope we' ll have another fantast ic year next year again. Thank you very much.

Am itava Mukherjee:

Thank you Vishal, I ' ll log off r ight?

Vishal Chandak:

Yes.

Amitava M ukherj ee:

Thank y ou.

Moderator:

Thank you very much. On behalf of Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited that concludes
this conference. Thank you for joining us, you m ay no w disconnect your lines. Thank you .

Page 22 of 22
