[p.1]
28th Annual Report
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED

[p.2]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
(CIN: U63040MH1994PLC083438)
28TH ANNUAL REPORT
BOARD OF DIRECTORS








Mr. Zuzer Hatim Lucknowala
Mrs. Rachana Zuzer Lucknowala
Mr. Firoz Hatim Lucknowala
Mr. Armaan Zuzer Lucknowala
Mr. Manish Heeralal Chandak
Mr. Sameer Prem Bhagat
Mr. Kartikeya Girish Desai

-

Managing Director
Managing Director
Executive Director
Non-Executive Director
Independent Director
Independent Director
Independent Director

Chief Executive Officer
Mr. Zuzer Hatim Lucknowala

Internal Auditors
Rahul Pramod & Co.,
Chartered Accountants

Company Secretary
Ms. Namrata Negi

Statutory Auditors
Ramanand & Associates,
Chartered Accountants

Chief Financial Officer
Ms. Phyllis Polekad

Secretarial Auditors
Zalak Mehta & Associates
Company Secretaries

Bankers
Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited
Registered Office
303/304/305 Simran Plaza,
Khar 4th Road Next to Regal Enclave Hotel,
Khar West, Mumbai, MH 400052

Registrar & Share Transfer Agent:
KFin Tech Pvt Ltd
Selenium, Tower B, Plot No. 31 & 32,
Financial District, Nanakramguda,
Hyderabad, Rangareddi, Telangana,
India – 500 032

[p.3]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
(CIN: U63040MH1994PLC083438)
28TH ANNUAL REPORT
NOTICE OF THE TWENTY-EIGHTH ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING:
Notice is hereby given that the Twenty-Eighth Annual General Meeting of the Members of Party
Cruisers Limited (CIN: L63040MH1994PLC083438) will be held on Friday, September 30,
2022 at 11.00 a.m. at 303/304/305, Simran Plaza, Next to Hotel Regal Enclave, Khar West,
Mumbai – 400 052, Maharashtra, India, to transact the following business:
ORDINARY BUSINESS:

1. To consider, approve, and adopt the Audited Financial Statements for the financial year
ended 31st March, 2022, and the Independent Auditors’ and Directors’ Report thereon;
2. To re-appointment of Mr. Armaan Zuzer Lucknowala (DIN: 07961568), Non- Executive
Director of the Company, who retires by rotation and, being eligible, have offered himself for
re-appointment.
To consider, and, if thought fit, to pass following resolution, with or without modification, as
Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT, the consent of the Board of Directors of the Company be and is,
hereby, accorded to appoint Mr. Armaan Zuzer Lucknowala (DIN: 07961568), who is
liable for retirement by rotation and, being eligible, has offered himself for reappointment, as the Director of the Company.”
SPECIAL BUSINESS:
3. Appointment of Mr. Kushal Jajaodia (DIN: 02082400) as Independent Director of the
company

To consider, and, if thought fit, to pass following resolution, with or without modification, as
Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 149, 152 and any other applicable
provisions of Directors) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modification(s) or reenactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force), Mr. Kushal Jajodia (DIN: 02082400), who
was appointed as an Additional (Non-Executive) Independent Director of the Company and
has submitted a declaration confirming that he meets the criteria of independence under
Section 149(6) of the Act and whose candidature for the office of Director has been
recommended by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Board of Directors and in
respect of whom the Company has received a Notice in writing from a Member under Section
160(1) of the Act, proposing his candidature for the office of Director, be and is hereby
appointed as an Independent Director of the Company, to hold office for a term of five years,
with effect from September 05, 2022 and whose office shall not be liable to retire by rotation.

[p.4]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
(CIN: U63040MH1994PLC083438)
28TH ANNUAL REPORT
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors and/or the Company Secretary of the
Company, be and is /are hereby authorized, singly and/or jointly to do all such acts, deeds,
matters and things as may be considered necessary, desirable or expedient for giving effect to
this resolution."
4. Appointment of Ms. Samaa Nusrat Shah (DIN: 07554045) as Independent Director of the
company

To consider, and, if thought fit, to pass following resolution, with or without modification, as
Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 149, 152 and any other applicable
provisions of Directors) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modification(s) or reenactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force), Ms. Sama Nusrat Shah (DIN: 07554045), who
was appointed as an Additional (Non-Executive) Independent Director of the Company and
has submitted a declaration confirming that he meets the criteria of independence under
Section 149(6) of the Act and whose candidature for the office of Director has been
recommended by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Board of Directors and in
respect of whom the Company has received a Notice in writing from a Member under Section
160(1) of the Act, proposing his candidature for the office of Director, be and is hereby
appointed as an Independent Director of the Company, to hold office for a term of one years,
with effect from September 05, 2022 and whose office shall not be liable to retire by rotation.
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors and/or the Company Secretary of the
Company, be and is /are hereby authorized, singly and/or jointly to do all such acts, deeds,
matters and things as may be considered necessary, desirable or expedient for giving effect to
this resolution."
5. Approval of PCL Employee Stock Option Plan 2022

To consider, and, if thought fit, to pass following resolution, with or without modification, as
Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 62(1)(b), and all other applicable
provisions, if any of the Companies Act, 2013 (including any modification or re-enactment thereof
for the time being in force) read with Rule 12 of the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures)
Rules, 2014, and in accordance with the provisions of Memorandum and Articles of Association
of the Company, and subject to all other approvals, permissions and sanctions as may be
necessary and subject to such conditions and modifications as may be prescribed or imposed
while granting such approvals, permissions and sanctions, the approval and consent of the
Members be and is hereby accorded to the Board of Directors (hereinafter referred to as the
“Board” which term shall be deemed to include any Committee(s) including Nomination,
Remuneration & Compensation Committee, which the Board has constituted to exercise its
powers conferred by this Resolution) to introduce and implement PCL Employee Stock Option

[p.5]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
(CIN: U63040MH1994PLC083438)
28TH ANNUAL REPORT
Plan 2022 (“ESOP 2022”) to create, grant, offer, issue and allot at any time for the benefit of such
person(s) who are in permanent employment of the Company, including any Director of the
Company, whether whole time or otherwise but excluding the Independent Directors, Promoters
of the Company and Directors holding more than 10% of the outstanding equity shares of the
Company and such number of stock options convertible into equity shares not exceeding 1,00,000
(One Lakh only) in one or more tranches, at such price and on such terms and conditions as may
be fixed or determined by the Board in accordance with the provisions of the law or guidelines
issued by the relevant Authority.
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT each option would be exercisable for one Equity Share of a face
value of 10/- each fully paid-up on payment of the requisite exercise price to the company in
terms of ESOP 2022.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to formulate, evolve, decide
upon and bring into effect to ESOP 2020 on such terms and conditions as approved by the Board
and to make any modification(s), change(s), variation(s), or revision(s) in the terms and
conditions of the scheme from time to time including but not limited to amendments with respect
to vesting period, exercise period price eligibility criteria, vesting schedule or to suspend,
withdraw or revive the ESOP 2022
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the Board in connection with the above and all
incidental and ancillary things done are hereby specifically approved and ratified.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to make all the changes as
may be required for the purpose of making fair and reasonable adjustments to the number of
options or such other terms and conditions consequent to any corporate action (s) such as right
issues, bonus issues, splitting, etc. of the Equity Shares of the Company
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to issue and allot Equity
Shares upon exercise of options from time to time in accordance with the ESOP 2022 and such
equity shares shall rank pari passu with existing equity shares of the company in all respects.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in case the Equity Shares of the Company are either sub-divided or
consolidated, then the number of shares to be allotted and the price of acquisition payable by the
option grantees under the schemes shall automatically stand augmented or reduced, as the case
may be, in the same proportion as the present face value of ` 10/- per equity share bears to the
revised face value of the Equity Shares of the Company after such sub-division or consolidation,
without affecting any other rights or obligations of the said allottees.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to make modifications,
changes, variations, alterations or revisions in the ESOP 2022 as it may deem fit, from time to time
in its sole and absolute discretion in conformity with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013
read with Rule 12 of the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014, the
Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company and any other applicable laws.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to the above resolution, the consent
and authority be and is hereby given to the Board of Directors to do all such acts, deeds, matters
and things and execute all such deeds, documents and writings as it may in its discretion deem fit

[p.6]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
(CIN: U63040MH1994PLC083438)
28TH ANNUAL REPORT
and proper and to settle all questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise in relation to the
implementation of the Scheme and to the shares issued herein without being required to seek
further consent or approval of the members or otherwise to the end and intent that the members
shall be deemed to have given their approval thereto expressly by authority of this resolution.”
6. To approve increase in remuneration of Mr. Zuzer Hatim Lucknowala, Managing Director of
the company
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the remuneration of Nomination and Remuneration Committee
& Audit Committee and pursuant to the provisions of Section 196, 197, 198, 201 and other
applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 and Companies (Appointment and
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (including rules, notifications, any statutory
modification, amendment or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force and as may be
enacted from time to time) read with Schedule V and other applicable provisions and such other
approvals, permissions and sanctions of such authorities and/or agencies as may be required in
this regard and subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association of the Company, approval
of the Members be and is hereby accorded for revision in the remuneration of Mr. Zuzer Hatim
Lucknowala [DIN: 00979509], Managing Director of the Company, on the terms and conditions
as may be decided by the Board of Directors of the company.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the overall managerial remuneration payable to Mr Zuzer Hatim
Lucknowala shall be such amount as may be fixed by the board from time to time on
recommendation of NRC & Audit Committee but not exceeding Rs.10 Lakhs per month at any
point of time and that the terms and conditions of the aforesaid remuneration payable to the said
Managing Director be revised within said overall limit, in such manner as may be required.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT where any Financial Year during the tenure of the said Managing
director, the company has no profits or profits are inadequate, the aforesaid remuneration or
remuneration as may be approved by the Board of the Company from time to time shall be paid
as minimum remuneration.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any of the Directors and Company Secretary of the company be and
are hereby authorised to take such steps and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may
be required to give effect to the foregoing resolution.”
7. To approve increase in remuneration of Ms. Rachana Zuzer Lucknowala, Executive
Director of the company
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the remuneration of Nomination and Remuneration Committee
& Audit Committee and pursuant to the provisions of Section 196, 197, 198, 201 and other
applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 and Companies (Appointment and
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (including rules, notifications, any statutory
modification, amendment or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force and as may be
enacted from time to time) read with Schedule V and other applicable provisions and such other
approvals, permissions and sanctions of such authorities and/or agencies as may be required in
this regard and subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association of the Company, approval
of the Members be and is hereby accorded for revision in the remuneration of Ms. Rachna Zuzer
Lucknowala [DIN: 02466195], Executive Director of the Company, on the terms and conditions

[p.7]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
(CIN: U63040MH1994PLC083438)
28TH ANNUAL REPORT
as may be decided by the Board of Directors of the company.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the overall managerial remuneration payable to Ms Rachna Zuzer
Lucknowala shall be such amount as may be fixed by the board from time to time on
recommendation of NRC & Audit Committee but not exceeding Rs.10 Lakhs per month at any
point of time and that the terms and conditions of the aforesaid remuneration payable to the said
Executive Director be revised within said overall limit, in such manner as may be required.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT where any Financial Year during the tenure of the said Executive
director, the company has no profits or profits are inadequate, the aforesaid remuneration or
remuneration as may be approved by the Board of the Company from time to time shall be paid
as minimum remuneration.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any of the Directors and Company Secretary of the company be and
are hereby authorised to take such steps and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may
be required to give effect to the foregoing resolution.”
8. To approve increase in remuneration of Mr. Armaan Zuzer Lucknowala, Non- Executive
Director of the company
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the remuneration of Nomination and Remuneration Committee
& Audit Committee and pursuant to the provisions of Section 196, 197, 198, 201 and other
applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 and Companies (Appointment and
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (including rules, notifications, any statutory
modification, amendment or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force and as may be
enacted from time to time) read with Schedule V and other applicable provisions and such other
approvals, permissions and sanctions of such authorities and/or agencies as may be required in
this regard and subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association of the Company, approval
of the Members be and is hereby accorded for revision in the remuneration of Mr. Armaan Zuzer
Lucknowala [DIN: 07961568], Executive Director of the Company, on the terms and conditions
as may be decided by the Board of Directors of the company.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the overall managerial remuneration payable to Mr. Armaan Zuzer
Lucknowala shall be such amount as may be fixed by the board from time to time on
recommendation of NRC & Audit Committee but not exceeding Rs.5 Lakhs per month at any point
of time and that the terms and conditions of the aforesaid remuneration payable to the said NonExecutive Director be revised within said overall limit, in such manner as may be required.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT where any Financial Year during the tenure of the said NonExecutive director, the company has no profits or profits are inadequate, the aforesaid
remuneration or remuneration as may be approved by the Board of the Company from time to
time shall be paid as minimum remuneration.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any of the Directors and Company Secretary of the company be and
are hereby authorised to take such steps and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may
be required to give effect to the foregoing resolution.”

[p.8]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
(CIN: U63040MH1994PLC083438)
28TH ANNUAL REPORT

By Order of the Board of Directors
For Party Cruisers Limited

Sd/__________________________
Ms. Zuzer Hatim Lucknowala
(DIN: 00979509)
Managing Director

Date: September 5, 2022
Address:
303-305, Simran Plaza, Near Hotel Regal Enclave,
Khar West, Mumbai – 400 052, Maharashtra, India

NOTES:
1. A Member entitled to attend and vote on a poll is entitled to appoint a proxy to attend
and vote instead of himself and the proxy need not be a member. Proxies in order to be
effective must be received by the Company not less than 48 hours before the meeting.
The Register ofMembers and Share Transfer Books will remain closed from September
24, 2022 to September 30, 2022.
2. Members are requested to address all communication regarding transfer of shares,
change of address etc. directly to the Share Transfer Agent of the Company, KFin
Technologies Limited (formerly known as Karvy Fintech Private Limited), having its
registered office situated at Selenium Building, Tower – B, Plot No. 31 & 32, Financial
District, Nanakramguda, Serilingamapally, Hyderabad – 500 032, Rangareddi,
Telangana, India, and in case their shares are held in the dematerialized form, this
information should be passed onto their respective Depository Participants without any
delay.
3. The Equity Shares of the Company are listed on the National Stock Exchange of India
Limited, Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra East,
Mumbai – 400 051, Maharashtra, India (“NSE”). The listing fee up to 31st March, 2022 due to
NSE has been paid by the Company. The ISIN Number of the Company is: INE06ZX01015

[p.9]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
(CIN: U63040MH1994PLC083438)
28TH ANNUAL REPORT

4. Members desirous of availing nomination facility may send their nomination in the
prescribedform. Nomination forms can be obtained from the Registrars/ Company.
5. Members desirous of obtaining any information concerning the account and operations
of theCompany are requested to address their queries to the Company Secretary, so as
to reach the Company at compliance@partycruisersindia.com at least 7 (Seven) days
before the date of the Meeting, to enable the Company to make available the required
information at the Meeting, to the extent possible.
6. On dematerialization of shares, the nomination registered by the Company
automatically stands cancelled. In the case of shares held in electronic (dematerialized)
form, the Members are given an option of nomination at the time of opening a demat
account. If no nomination ismade at the time of opening the demat account, they should
approach their respective Depository Participant.
7. As part of the Green Initiative in Corporate Governance, the Ministry of Corporate
Affairs(“MCA”), Government of India, through its Circular nos. 17/2011 and 18/2011,
dated 21st April, 2011 and 29th April, 2011 respectively, has allowed companies to send
official documents through electronic mode. In the spirit of the above circulars and as
part of the Company’s Green Initiative, we henceforth propose to send documents like
Notice conveningthe general meetings, Financial Statements, Directors Report, etc. to
the e-mail address provided by the members. Therefore, the aforesaid documents have
been mailed to the registered email address of the shareholders of the Company.

8. Members/Proxies are requested to bring the Attendance Slip sent with this Notice duly
filled-in for attending the meeting.
9. Members are requested to bring their copy of Annual report to the meeting.
10. In terms of circular no.MRD/DoP/Cir-05/2010 dated 20th May, 2009 issued by
Securities andExchange Board of India (SEBI) it is now mandatory for the transferee of
the physical shares to furnish copy of PAN card to the Company or its RTA for
registration of transfer of shares.Shareholders are requested to furnish copy of PAN
card at the time of transferring their physical shares.
11. E-VOTING:
i.

According to section 108 of Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 20 of Companies

[p.10]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
(CIN: U63040MH1994PLC083438)
28TH ANNUAL REPORT
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 e-voting is mandatory for all listed
Companies or Companies having Shareholders not less than one thousand.
ii. In compliance with provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 20
ofthe Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, the Company is
pleased to provide members the facility to exercise their right to vote at the Annual
General Meeting (AGM) by electronic means and the business may be transacted
through e- Voting Services provided by National Securities Depository Limited
(NSDL).
iii.

A member may exercise his vote at any general meeting by electronic means and
company may pass any resolution by electronic voting system in accordance with
the Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014.

iv.

During the e-voting period, members of the Company, holding shares in
dematerialized form, as on a fixed date, may cast their vote electronically.

v.

The e-Voting shall remain open from September 26, 2022 (9.00 a.m. IST) till
September 29, 2022 (5.00 p.m. IST).

vi.

E-Voting shall be completed one day prior to the date of Annual General Meeting
whichis scheduled to be held on September 30, 2022.

vii.

The Board of Directors at their meeting have appointed Ms. Zalak Bhavik Mehta,
Proprietor of M/s Zalak Mehta and Associates, Company Secretaries as the
scrutinizer for e-Voting to unblock the votes in favour or against, if any, and to report
forthwith to the Chairman. The scrutinizer will beresponsible to conduct e-Voting in
a fair and transparent manner.

viii.

Vote once casted by the member cannot be changed/ altered.

[p.11]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
(CIN: U63040MH1994PLC083438)
28TH ANNUAL REPORT

THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING ARE AS UNDER:The remote e-voting period begins on September 26, 2022, at 9:00 A.M. and ends on
September 29, 2022 at 5:00 P.M. The remote e-voting module shall be disabled by
NSDL for voting thereafter. The Members, whose names appear in the Register of
Members / Beneficial Owners as on the record date (cut-off date) i.e. September 23,
2022, may cast their vote electronically. The voting right of shareholders shall be
in proportion to their share in the paid-up equity share capital of the Company as
on the cut-off date, being September 23, 2022 2022.
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system?
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are
mentioned below:
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system
A) Login method for e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in
demat mode
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed
Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to
vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository
Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id in
their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility.
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given
below:
Type
of Login Method
shareholders
Individual
Shareholders
holding
securities in
demat mode
with NSDL.

1. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz.
https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a
mobile. On the e-Services home page click on the “Beneficial
Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’
section , this will prompt you to enter your existing User ID and
Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to see
e-Voting services under Value added services. Click on “Access to
e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to see eVoting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service
provider i.e. NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-Voting website
of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period If

[p.12]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
(CIN: U63040MH1994PLC083438)
28TH ANNUAL REPORT

you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is
available at https://eservices.nsdl.com. Select “Register Online
for
IDeAS
Portal”
or
click
at
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp
2. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing
the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a
Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Voting
system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available
under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You
will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat
account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a
Verification Code as shown on the screen. After successful
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site
wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or eVoting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to
e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote
e-Voting period.
3. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App
“NSDL Speede” facility by scanning the QR code mentioned below
for seamless voting experience.

Individual
Shareholders
holding
securities in
demat mode
with CDSL

1. Existing users who have opted for Easi / Easiest, they can login
through their user id and password. Option will be made available
to reach e-Voting page without any further authentication. The
URL for users to login to Easi / Easiest are
https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasi/home/login
or
www.cdslindia.com and click on New System Myeasi.
2. After successful login of Easi/Easiest the user will be also able to
see the E Voting Menu. The Menu will have links of e-Voting
service provider i.e. NSDL. Click on NSDL to cast your vote.

[p.13]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
(CIN: U63040MH1994PLC083438)
28TH ANNUAL REPORT

3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is
available at
https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasi/Registration/EasiRegistration
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by
providing demat Account Number and PAN No. from a link in
www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will authenticate the
user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in
the demat Account. After successful authentication, user will be
provided links for the respective ESP i.e. NSDL where the e-Voting
is in progress.
Individual
Shareholders
(holding
securities in
demat mode)
login through
their
depository
participants

You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account
through your Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for eVoting facility. upon logging in, you will be able to see e-Voting option.
Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository
site after successful authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature.
Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you
will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during
the remote e-Voting period

Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to
use Forget User ID and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website.
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any
technical issues related to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL.
Login type
Helpdesk details
Individual Shareholders holding Members facing any technical issue in login can
securities in demat mode with contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at
NSDL
evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at toll free no.: 1800 1020
990 and 1800 22 44 30
Individual Shareholders holding
securities in demat mode with
CDSL

Members facing any technical issue in login can
contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at 02223058738 or 022-23058542-43

[p.14]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
(CIN: U63040MH1994PLC083438)
28TH ANNUAL REPORT

B) Login Method for e-Voting for shareholders other than Individual
shareholders holding securities in demat mode and shareholders holding
securities in physical mode.
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website?
1. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following
URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a
mobile.
2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login”
which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section.
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP
and a Verification Code as shown on the screen.
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you
can log-in at https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDEAS
login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after using your log-in
credentials, click on e-Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e.
Cast your vote electronically.
4. Your User ID details are given below :
Manner of holding shares i.e. Your User ID is:
Demat (NSDL or CDSL) or Physical
a) For Members who hold shares in
demat account with NSDL.

8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit
Client ID
For example if your DP ID is IN300***
and Client ID is 12****** then your
user ID is IN300***12******.

b) For Members who hold shares in
demat account with CDSL.

16 Digit Beneficiary ID
For example if your Beneficiary ID is
12************** then your user ID is
12**************

c) For Members holding shares in EVEN Number followed by Folio
Physical Form.
Number registered with the company
For example if folio number is 001***
and EVEN is 101456 then user ID is
101456001***

[p.15]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
(CIN: U63040MH1994PLC083438)
28TH ANNUAL REPORT

5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given
below:
a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing
password to login and cast your vote.
b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to
retrieve the ‘initial password’ which was communicated to you. Once you
retrieve your ‘initial password’, you need to enter the ‘initial password’ and
the system will force you to change your password.
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’?
(i)
If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the
company, your ‘initial password’ is communicated to you on your
email ID. Trace the email sent to you from NSDL from your mailbox.
Open the email and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf
file. The password to open the .pdf file is your 8 digit client ID for
NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL account or folio
number for shares held in physical form. The .pdf file contains your
‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’.
(ii)
If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned
below in process for those shareholders whose email ids are not
registered.
6. If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “ Initial password” or have
forgotten your password:
a) Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If you are holding shares in
your demat account with NSDL or CDSL) option available on
www.evoting.nsdl.com.
b) Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical
mode) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com.
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can
send a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in mentioning your demat account
number/folio number, your PAN, your name and your registered address etc.
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting
the votes on the e-Voting system of NSDL.
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by
selecting on the check box.
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button.
9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open.
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system.

[p.16]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
(CIN: U63040MH1994PLC083438)
28TH ANNUAL REPORT

How to cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system?
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in
which you are holding shares and whose voting cycle is in active status.
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote
e-Voting period.
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens.
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify
the number of shares for which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit”
and also “Confirm” when prompted.
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed.
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print
option on the confirmation page.
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify
your vote.
General Guidelines for shareholders
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required
to send scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/
Authority letter etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized
signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to
cszalakmehta@gmail.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.
Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also
upload their Board Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority Letter etc. by
clicking on "Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter" displayed under "eVoting" tab in their login.
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and
take utmost care to keep your password confidential. Login to the e-voting website
will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In
such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or
“Physical User Reset Password?” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to
reset the password.

[p.17]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
(CIN: U63040MH1994PLC083438)
28TH ANNUAL REPORT

3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for
Shareholders and e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at the download
section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free no.: 1800 1020 990 and 1800
22 44 30 or send a request to Veena Suvarna at evoting@nsdl.co.in
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the
depositories for procuring user id and password and registration of e mail ids for
e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice:
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of
shareholder, scanned copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self
attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of
Aadhar Card) by email to compliance.partycruisersindia@gmail.com.
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID
+ CLID or 16 digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated
Account statement, PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self
attested
scanned
copy
of
Aadhar
Card)
to
(compliance.partycruisersindia@gmail.com. If you are an Individual
shareholders holding securities in demat mode, you are requested to refer to the
login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting for
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode.
3. Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.co.in
for procuring user id and password for e-voting by providing above mentioned
documents.
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by
Listed Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are
allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and
Depository Participants. Shareholders are required to update their mobile
number and email ID correctly in their demat account in order to access e-Voting
facility.

[p.18]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
(CIN: U63040MH1994PLC083438)
28TH ANNUAL REPORT

CONTACT DETAILS:
Company

PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
303-305, Simran Plaza, Near Hotel RegalEnclave,
Khar West, Mumbai – 400 052, Maharashtra, India
Tel: +91-9145500448
Email: compliance@partycruisersindia.com
Website: www.partycruisersindia.com

Registrar & Share Transfer Agency

KFin Technologies Private Limited
(formerly known as Karvy Fintech Private
Limited)
Selenium Building, Tower – B, Plot No. 31 & 32,
Financial District, Nanakramguda,Serlingampally,
Hyderabad, Rangareddi, Telangana, India – 500
032
Telephone: +91-4067162222
Email: nageswara.raop@kfintech.comWebsite:
www.kfintech.com

Remote E-voting Agents

National Securities Depository Limited
Trade World – A Wing, Kamala Mills Compound
Lower Parel, Mumbai – 400013
Contact: toll free- 1800 1020 990
E-mail: evoting@nsdl.co.in

Scrutinizer

Ms. Zalak Bhavik Mehta
Proprietor(ACS: 47030, CP:19822)
M/s. Zalak Mehta & Associates, Company
Secretaries
501, Skyline Wealth Space, Above Kia
Showroom,Premier Road, Vidyavihar
West,Mumbai- 400086
Phone: +91-9769171122
Email: : cszalakmehta@gmail.com

[p.19]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
(CIN: U63040MH1994PLC083438)
28TH ANNUAL REPORT
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT UNDER SECTION UNDER SECTION 102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013
Item No.3
Appointment of Mr. Kushal Jajaodia (DIN: 02082400) as Independent Director of the company
The Board of Directors of the Company in their Meeting held on September 05, 2022 based on recommendations of
the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and pursuant to the provisions of Section 161 (1) of the Companies
Act, 2013 read with Article of Association of the Company, had approved appointment of Mr. Kushal Jajodia [DIN:
09680025] as an Additional (Non-Executive) Independent Director under the Category of Independent Director for
a term of 5 years (Five years w.e.f. September 05, 2022, subject to approval of members at the ensuing Annual
General Meeting of the company). The company had received consent from Mr. Kushal Jajodia, to act as a Director of
the Company along with a declaration that he is not disqualified from being appointed as a Director in terms of
Section 164 of the Companies Act, 2013. The company had also received a declaration from him that he meets the
criteria of independence as prescribed under Section 149 (6) of the Act, rule 6 (3) of Companies (Appointment and
Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 and SEBI Listing Regulations. In terms of Section 150 of the Companies Act,
2013 read with Rule 6 of the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directorsj Rules, 2014, as amended, Mr.
Kushal Jajodia has confirmed that he has registered his name in the data bank with the Indian institute of corporate
Affairs.
In accordance with the provisions of Section 149 read with Schedule IV of the Act, appointment of Independent
Director requires approval of members of the Company. Further, in terms of Regulation 17 of the SEBI (Listing
Obligations and Disclosures Requirements) Regulations, 2015 the listed Companies are required to obtain the
approval of the shareholders for appointment of a Director, at the next general meeting or within a time period of
three months from the date of appointment, whichever is earlier. Further, in terms of Regulation 25 of the SEBI
(Listing Obligations and Disclosures Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the appointment, re-appointment or removal
of an independent director of a listed entity, shall be subject to the approval of shareholders by way of a special
resolution. Accordingly, the appointment of Mr. Kushal Jajodia would require the approval of the members of the
Company.
In the opinion of the Board, Mr. Kushal Jajodia fulfills the Conditions for appointment as an Independent Director of
the Company as specified in the Act and SEBI Listing Regulations. Mr. Kushal Jajodia is a person of integrity and
independent of the management and possesses appropriate skills, experience and knowledge.
Considering the extensive knowledge and experience in the field of engineering, Finance, General management,
Human Resource Development, Education, his appointment is in the best interest of the company.
Upon the confirmation of the appointment of his as Independent Non-Executive Director by the Members of the
Company, the appointment shall be formalized by the issue of a letter of appointment by the Company to the said
Non-Executive Independent Director. Accordingly, the Board of Directors of the Company recommend the passing
of the Special Resolution at Item No. 3 to this Notice.
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives are concerned or interested in
this resolution.
Item No.4
Appointment of Ms. Samaa Nusrat Shah (DIN: 07554045) as Independent Director of the company
The Board of Directors of the Company in their Meeting held on September 05, 2022 based on recommendations of
the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and pursuant to the provisions of Section 161 (1) of the Companies
Act, 2013 read with Article of Association of the Company, had approved appointment of Ms. Samaa Nusrat Shah
[DIN: 07554045] as an Additional (Non-Executive) Independent Director under the Category of Independent

[p.20]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
(CIN: U63040MH1994PLC083438)
28TH ANNUAL REPORT
Director for a term of 1 year (One years w.e.f. September 05, 2022, subject to approval of members at the ensuing
Annual General Meeting of the company. The company had received consent from Ms. Samaa Nusrat Shah to act as
a Director of the Company along with a declaration that she is not disqualified from being appointed as a Director
in terms of Section 164 of the Companies Act, 2013. The company had also received a declaration from her that she
meets the criteria of independence as prescribed under Section 149 (6) of the Act, rule 6 (3) of Companies
(Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 and SEBI Listing Regulations. In terms of Section 150 of
the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 6 of the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors Rules, 2014,
as amended, Ms. Samaa Nusrat Shah has confirmed that she has registered her name in the data bank with the Indian
institute of corporate Affairs.
In accordance with the provisions of Section 149 read with Schedule IV of the Act, appointment of Independent
Director requires approval of members of the Company. Further, in terms of Regulation 17 of the SEBI (Listing
Obligations and Disclosures Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the listed Companies are required to obtain the
approval of the shareholders for appointment of a Director, at the next general meeting or within a time period of
three months from the date of appointment, whichever is earlier. Further, in terms of Regulation 25 of the SEBI
(Listing Obligations and Disclosures Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the appointment, re-appointment or removal
of an independent director of a listed entity, shall be subject to the approval of shareholders by way of a special
resolution. Accordingly, the appointment of Ms. Samaa Nusrat Shah would require the approval of the members of
the Company.
In the opinion of the Board, Ms. Samaa Nusrat Shah fulfills the Conditions for appointment as an Independent
Director of the Company as specified in the Act and SEBI Listing Regulations. Ms. Samaa Nusrat Shah is a person of
integrity and independent of the management and possesses appropriate skills, experience and knowledge.
Considering the extensive knowledge and experience in the field of engineering, Finance, General management,
Human Resource Development, Education, his appointment is in the best interest of the company.
Upon the confirmation of the appointment of her as Independent Non-Executive Director by the Members of the
Company, the appointment shall be formalized by the issue of a letter of appointment by the Company to the said
Non-Executive Independent Director. Accordingly, the Board of Directors of the Company recommend the passing
of the Special Resolution at Item No. 4 to this Notice.
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives are concerned or interested in
this resolution.
Item No.5
Approval of PCL Employee Stock Option Plan 2022
Equity based Compensation is an effective means of aligning the long term interests of the employees with those of
the Company and provide an opportunity to employees to participate in the growth of the Company and create
long term wealth. With a view to motivate the key work force seeking their contribution to the corporate growth, to
create an employee ownership culture, to attract new talents, and to retain them for ensuring sustained growth, your
Company intends to implement an employee stock option plan namely “PCL Employee Stock Option Plan 2022 (“PCL
ESOP 2022”)” seeking to cover eligible employees of the Company.
With the above objective, the Board of Directors of the Company has proposed the PCL ESOP 2022 and the terms
and broad framework of the “PCL ESOP 2022” has been approved by them in their meeting held on April 4, 2022 as
per the recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee.
The salient features, relevant disclosures and details of the PCL ESOP 2022 are as follows:
Particulars as required under S.62 (1) (b) read with Rule 12 of Companies (Share Capital and Debentures)
Rules, 2014 are given below:

[p.21]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
(CIN: U63040MH1994PLC083438)
28TH ANNUAL REPORT
1. Total number of options to be granted:
A total number of options not exceeding 1,00,000 of the Equity Shares having Face value Rs 10/- each would be
available for being granted to eligible employees of the Company, under ESOP 2022. Each option when exercised
would be converted into one Equity Share of` 10/- each fully paid-up.
Vested options that lapse due to non-exercise or unvested options that get cancelled due to resignation of the
employees or otherwise, would be available for being re-granted at a future date at the sole discretion of the Board.
In case of any corporate action(s) such as rights issues, bonus issues, merger and sale of division and others, a fair
and reasonable adjustment will be made to the options granted. Accordingly, if any additional Equity Shares are
issued by the Company to the Option Grantees for making such fair and reasonable adjustment, the ceiling of
1,00,000 of Equity Shares shall be deemed to be increased to the extent of such additional Equity Shares issued.
2. Employees entitled to participate in the Employee Stock Option Plan:
Employees of the Company, including the Directors but excluding –
Independent Directors,
promoters or persons belonging to promoter group,
director who either himself or through his relative or through any body-corporate, directly or indirectly, holds
more than ten percent of the outstanding equity shares of the company.
ESOPs may be granted to such employees as decided by the Board in compliance with the applicable laws from time
to time.

a)
b)
c)

3. Appraisal Process for determining the eligibility of the employees to ESOPs:
The appraisal process for determining the eligibility of the employee will be specified by the Board, and will be based
on criteria such as role/designation of the employee, length of service with the Company, past performance record,
future potential of the employee and/or such other criteria that may be determined by the Board at its sole
discretion.

4. Requirements of vesting and period of vesting:
The Options granted shall vest after a period of minimum 1(one) year from the date of Grant. The Board may, at its
discretion, lay down certain performance metrics on the achievement of which the granted options would vest, the
detailed terms and conditions relating to such performance-based vesting, and the proportion in which options
granted would vest (subject to the minimum and maximum vesting period as specified below).
The vesting period of options granted shall vest in not less than one year and not more than five years from the date
of grant of such options. The exact proportion in which and the exact period over which the options would vest
would be determined by the Board, subject to the minimum vesting period of one year from the date of grant of
options.
5. The maximum period within which the options shall be vested:
The options granted shall vest in not more than five years from the date of grant of such options.
6.

Exercise Price or pricing formula:

The Exercise Price shall not be lesser than10% discount to the Market Price w.r.t. the date of Grant.as decided by the
Board in consideration of the value determined by the registered valuer.
7. Exercise Period and the process of Exercise:

[p.22]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
(CIN: U63040MH1994PLC083438)
28TH ANNUAL REPORT
The options granted shall be exercised within a period as mentioned in the ESOP agreemnt from the date of vesting
of options. The options will be exercisable by the Employees by a written application to the Company to exercise the
options in such manner, and on execution of such documents, as may be prescribed by the Board from time to time.
The options will lapse if not exercised within the specified exercise period.
8. Lock-in period for options:
The shares issued pursuant to exercise of options shall be subject to such lock-in-period as mentioned in the
agreement of ESOP.
9. Maximum number of options to be issued per employee and in aggregate:
Number of options that may be granted to an employee under ESOP 2022 shall not exceed 1,00,000 in aggregate per
employee under ESOP 2022 or any such ceiling number of options as may be determined by the Board within such
limit with respect to an individual employee.
10. Method of option valuation:
The Company shall use such valuation methods as may be prescribed from time to time in accordance with
applicable laws for valuation of the Options granted, to calculate the employee compensation cost.
11. The conditions under which option vested in employees may lapse:
The Options not exercised within the respective Exercise Periods prescribed in Sub-clauses of Clause 8 shall lapse
and be deemed to be cancelled on expiry of such Exercise Period. The Option Grantee shall have no right or recourse
over such lapsed/ cancelled Options.
12. The specified time period within which the employee shall exercise the vested options in the event of a
proposed termination of employment or resignation of employee:
All the Vested Options as on that date shall be exercisable by the employee within 30 days from the date of
resignation/termination of the Employee (other than due to misconduct or breach of company policies/terms of
employment)
In the event of termination of employment due to Death or Permanent Incapacity of the employee, all vested options
shall be settled by the Board of Directors in such a manner as may deem fit in accordance with the ESOP 2022 /
Option Agreement/ Letter of Grant.
13. Disclosure and Accounting Policies:
The Company shall follow the IND AS 102 on Share-based payments and/ or any relevant accounting standards as
may be prescribed by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India or any other appropriate authority, from time
to time, including the disclosure requirements prescribed therein, in compliance with relevant provisions of SEBI
SBEB Regulations.
Accordingly, your Directors recommend the Special Resolution as set out in Item No 05 of this notice for the approval
of the Members of the Company.
A copy of the Scheme is open for inspection by the members electronically on all working days, during business
hours up to the date of the Meeting. Members may write to copy for the purpose at
compliance.partycruisersindia@gmail.com. Additionally, copies of the relevant documents will be available for
inspection electronically during the Annual General Meeting.
None of the Directors, Managers, Key Managerial Personnel (KMPs) of the Company and their relatives is in any way,

[p.23]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
(CIN: U63040MH1994PLC083438)
28TH ANNUAL REPORT
concerned or interested in this Resolution, except to the extent of the option granted that may be offered to certain
KMPs under the Plan.
Item No.6
Approval for increase in remuneration of Mr. Zuzer Hatim Lucknowala, Managing Director of the company
Mr. Zuzer Hatim Lucknowala, was appointed and designated as Managing Director of the Company by the Board at
its Meeting held on February 01, 2022. Further, considering the contribution of Mr. Zuzer Lucknowala and the
progress made by the Company under his leadership and guidance and as per the recommendation of the
Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board at its Meeting held on September 5, 2022, approved the
revision in the remuneration of Mr. Zuzer Lucknowala for a period and terms and conditions as may be decided by
the Board of Directors. Pursuant to Section 197 read with Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013, the revised
remuneration of Mr. Zuzer Lucknowala as decided by the Board is required to be approved by the Members at their
meeting due to inadequacy of profits. It is hereby confirmed that the Company has not committed any default in
respect of any of its debts or interest payable thereon for a continuous period of 30 days in the preceding financial
year and in the current financial year.
It is submitted that based on the projections, the overall managerial remuneration may exceed the limits Specified
in Sec. 197 of the Companies Act, 2013. The Members are requested to consider the revision in remuneration of Mr.
Zuzer Lucknowala, Managing Director of the Company.

Statement containing additional information as required in Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013 –
1. General Information:
1
2
3

4

5

Nature of industry
Date or expected date of commencement
of commercial production
In case of new companies, expected date
of commencement of activities as per
project approved by financial institutions
appearing in the prospectus
Financial performance based on given
indicators

Event management
2nd December 1994

Foreign Investments or collaborations, if
any

N.A.

N.A.

Performance for F.Y.2021-2022
1. Gross Revenue: Rs. 16,04,08,439
2. Profit After Tax : Rs. 1,32,91,605
3. EPS : 2.37

2. Information about the appointee:
1

Background details

Mr. Zuzer Hatim Lucknowala is an experienced
professional with more than 10 years of
experience in the industry

2

Past remuneration

Rs.5,00,000 per month

[p.24]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
(CIN: U63040MH1994PLC083438)
28TH ANNUAL REPORT
3

Recognition or awards

Wedding sutra influencer award
1. Gold award for best reception/post wedding
celebration (Decor execution) 2020
2. Platinum award for Best wedding celebration
(Decor execution) 2020
3. Runner up for trendsetting decor execution
(for one or all functions) 2019
4. Platinum award for best sangeet celebration
(Decor execution) 2021
5. Platinum award for best wedding celebration
(Decor execution) 2021

4

Job profile and his suitability

Mr. Zuzer Hatim Lucknowala, aged 54 years. He
is a B.Com Graduate and also Diploma holder in
Hotel Management.
For about 6 months, he worked as a trainer at
Taj hotels as to take experience in all
department. Since 1990-94, he was responsible
as a proprietor at Party Cruisers. In 1994, he was
a Director in Party Cruisers and as Managing
Director he is responsible for the
production house and back office as well as
executing events and making and
promoting brands like Vivaah, Vows, Event
Factory and Livespace.

5

Remuneration proposed

As stated in the Explanatory Statement at Item
No.6 of this Notice

6

Comparative remuneration profile with
respect to industry, size of the company,
profile of the position and person

Considering the responsibility shouldered by
him of the enhanced business activities of the
Company, proposed remuneration is
commensurate with Industry standards and
Board level positions held in similar sized and
similarly positioned businesses

7

Pecuniary relationship directly or indirectly
with the Company or relationship with the
managerial personnel, if any

Managing Director

[p.25]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
(CIN: U63040MH1994PLC083438)
28TH ANNUAL REPORT

3. Other Information:
1

Reasons of loss or inadequate profits

2

Steps taken or proposed to be taken for
improvement
Expected increase in productivity and
profits in measurable terms

3

The proposed remuneration is not falling
within the limits specified under Section
197 of the Companies Act. However, the
same is in line with the Industry Standards
for managerial personnel falling under the
same cadre
N.A
N.A

Pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, and the relevant rules made thereunder, consent
of members is being sought by way of a Special Resolution.
Except Mr. Zuzer Lucknowala, none of the promoters, directors, key managerial personnel and their relatives is
considered to be concerned or interested financially or otherwise, in the Resolution.
The Board of Directors recommend passing of the Special Resolution at Item No. 6 of the Notice.
Item No.7
Approval for increase in remuneration of Ms. Rachana Zuzer Lucknowala, Executive Director of the
company
Ms. Rachana Zuzer Lucnowala, was appointed at current designation as Executive Director of the Company by the
Board at its Meeting held on September 5, 2022. Further, considering the contribution of Ms. Rachana Lucknowala
and the progress made by the Company under his leadership and guidance and as per the recommendation of the
Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board at its Meeting held on September 5, 2022, approved the
revision in the remuneration of Ms. Rachana Lucknowala for a period and terms and conditions as may be decided
by the Board of Directors. Pursuant to Section 197 read with Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013, the revised
remuneration of Ms. Rachana Lucknowala as decided by the Board is required to be approved by the Members at
their meeting due to inadequacy of profits. It is hereby confirmed that the Company has not committed any default
in respect of any of its debts or interest payable thereon for a continuous period of 30 days in the preceding financial
year and in the current financial year.
It is submitted that based on the projections, the overall managerial remuneration may exceed the limits Specified
in Sec. 197 of the Companies Act, 2013. The Members are requested to consider the revision in remuneration of Ms.
Rachana Lucknowala, Executive Director of the Company.

Statement containing additional information as required in Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013 –

[p.26]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
(CIN: U63040MH1994PLC083438)
28TH ANNUAL REPORT
1. General Information

2. Information about the appointee:

1

Nature of industry

Event management

2

Date or expected date of commencement of
commercial production

2nd December 1994

3

In case of new companies, expected date of
commencement of activities as per project
approved by financial institutions appearing
in the prospectus

N.A.

4

Financial performance
indicators

Performance for F.Y.2021-2022

based

on

given

1. Gross Revenue: Rs. 16,04,08,439
2. Profit After Tax : Rs. 1,32,91,605
3. EPS : 2.37

5

Foreign Investments or collaborations, if any

N.A.

1

Background details

Mr. Rachana Lucknowala is an experienced
professional with more than 10 years of
experience in the industry

2

Past remuneration

Rs. 5,00,000 per month

[p.27]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
(CIN: U63040MH1994PLC083438)
28TH ANNUAL REPORT
3

Recognition or awards

Wedding sutra influencer award
1. Gold award for best reception/post wedding
celebration (Decor execution) 2020
2. Platinum award for Best wedding celebration
(Decor execution) 2020
3. Runner up for trendsetting decor execution (for
one or all functions) 2019
4. Platinum award for best sangeet celebration
(Decor execution) 2021
5. Platinum award for best wedding celebration
(Decor execution) 2021
WOW Awards
1. Silver award for destination wedding or social
event of the year 2022
2. Silver award for post wedding celebration of the
year (Enchanted forest ) 2022

4

Job profile and his suitability

Mrs. Rachana Zuzer Lucknowala, aged 50 years, is
Diploma Holder in Hotel Management from Dadar
Catering college and completed her Graduation
from Mumbai University. She has around 24 years
of experience in Sales and Marketing in the
Wedding and Corporate Events industry. Under
her leadership, PCL Currently, she is the head of
Sales & Marketing. Further, she is responsible for
generating revenue of the company and also
monitor the smooth functioning & Executing of
events.

5

Remuneration proposed

As stated in the Explanatory Statement at Item
No.7 of this Notice

6

Comparative remuneration profile with
respect to industry, size of the company,
profile of the position and person

Considering the responsibility shouldered by him
of the enhanced business activities of the
Company,
proposed
remuneration
is
commensurate with Industry standards and Board
level positions held in similar sized and similarly
positioned businesses

7

Pecuniary relationship directly or indirectly
with the Company or relationship with the
managerial personnel, if any

Executive Director

[p.28]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
(CIN: U63040MH1994PLC083438)
28TH ANNUAL REPORT
3. Other Information:
1

Reasons of loss or inadequate profits

The proposed remuneration is not falling
within the limits specified under Section
197 of the Companies Act. However, the
same is in line with the Industry Standards
for managerial personnel falling under the
same cadre

2

Steps taken or proposed to be taken for
improvement

N.A

3

Expected increase in productivity and profits
in measurable terms

N.A

Pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, and the relevant rules made thereunder, consent
of members is being sought by way of a Special Resolution.
Except Ms. Rachana Lucknowala, none of the promoters, directors, key managerial personnel and their relatives is
considered to be concerned or interested financially or otherwise, in the Resolution.
The Board of Directors recommend passing of the Special Resolution at Item No. 7 of the Notice.
Item No.8
Approval for increase in remuneration of Mr. Armaan Zuzer Lucknowala, Non-Executive Director of the
company
Mr. Armaan Zuzer Lucknowala, was appointed at current designation as Non Executive Director of the Company by
the Board at its Meeting held on August 31,2018. Further, considering the contribution of Mr. Armaan Lucknowala
and the progress made by the Company under his leadership and guidance and as per the recommendation of the
Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board at its Meeting held on September 5, 2022, approved the
revision in the remuneration of Mr. Armaan Lucknowala for a period and terms and conditions as may be decided
by the Board of Directors. Pursuant to Section 197 read with Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013, the revised
remuneration of Mr. Armaan Lucknowala as decided by the Board is required to be approved by the Members at
their meeting due to inadequacy of profits. It is hereby confirmed that the Company has not committed any default
in respect of any of its debts or interest payable thereon for a continuous period of 30 days in the preceding financial
year and in the current financial year.
It is submitted that based on the projections, the overall managerial remuneration may exceed the limits Specified
in Sec. 197 of the Companies Act, 2013. The Members are requested to consider the revision in remuneration of Mr.
Armaan Lucknowala, Non-Executive Director of the Company.

Statement containing additional information as required in Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013 –
1. General Information

[p.29]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
(CIN: U63040MH1994PLC083438)

1

28TH ANNUAL REPORT
Nature of industry

Event management

2

Date or expected date of commencement of
commercial production

2nd December 1994

3

In case of new companies, expected date of
commencement of activities as per project
approved by financial institutions appearing
in the prospectus

N.A.

4

Financial performance
indicators

Performance for F.Y.2021-2022

5

based

on

given

Foreign Investments or collaborations, if any

1. Gross Revenue: Rs. 16,04,08,439
2. Profit After Tax : Rs. 1,32,91,605
3. EPS : 2.37
N.A.

2. Information about the appointee:
1

Background details

Mr. Armaan Lucknowala is an experienced
professional with more than 3 years of
experience in the industry

2

Past remuneration

Rs. 1,50,000

3

Recognition or awards

N.A

[p.30]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
(CIN: U63040MH1994PLC083438)
28TH ANNUAL REPORT
4

Job profile and his suitability

Mr. Armaan Zuzer Lucknowala, aged 21 years,
12th passed from IB and also done 1month NYFA
crash course in new generation of events and
wedding in New York and thereafter he is pursuing
3+1yr course of new generation of events and
wedding, also to connect event and weddings to
films in NYFA in LA . He is very creative person and
wants to bring in innovative new ideas in PCL.
Infact through the knowledge gain, he would take
future of PCL to the new level of events and
weddings.

5

Remuneration proposed

As stated in the Explanatory Statement at Item
No.8 of this Notice

6

Comparative remuneration profile with
respect to industry, size of the company,
profile of the position and person

Considering the responsibility shouldered by him
of the enhanced business activities of the
Company,
proposed
remuneration
is
commensurate with Industry standards and Board
level positions held in similar sized and similarly
positioned businesses

7

Pecuniary relationship directly or indirectly
with the Company or relationship with the
managerial personnel, if any

Non-Executive Director

3. Other Information:
1

Reasons of loss or inadequate profits

The proposed remuneration is not falling
within the limits specified under Section
197 of the Companies Act. However, the
same is in line with the Industry Standards
for managerial personnel falling under the
same cadre

2

Steps taken or proposed to be taken for
improvement

N.A

3

Expected increase in productivity and profits
in measurable terms

N.A

Pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, and the relevant rules made thereunder, consent
of members is being sought by way of a Special Resolution.
Except Mr. Armaan Lucknowala, none of the promoters, directors, key managerial personnel and their relatives is
considered to be concerned or interested financially or otherwise, in the Resolution.
The Board of Directors recommend passing of the Special Resolution at Item No. 8 of the Notice.

By Order of the Board of Directors
For Party Cruisers Limited

[p.31]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
(CIN: U63040MH1994PLC083438)
28TH ANNUAL REPORT
Sd/__________________________
Ms. Zuzer Hatim
Lucknowala
(DIN: 00979509)
Managing Director

Date: September 5, 2022
Address:
303-305, Simran Plaza, Near Hotel Regal Enclave,
Khar West, Mumbai – 400 052, Maharashtra, India

[p.32]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
(CIN: U63040MH1994PLC083438)
28TH ANNUAL REPORT
Annexure I
In pursuance of SS -2 issued by the ICSI, details of Director seeking appointment/re-appointment at the
ensuing Annual General Meeting (AGM) is as follows:
Name of the Director and DIN
Date of Birth
Nationality
Designation

Kushal Jajodia (DIN: 02082400)
16/01/1990
Indian
Additional (Non-Executive) Independent Director

Date of appointment & Term of
appointment

His appointment is effective from September 05, 2022, to hold
office up to ensuing Annual General Meeting of the Company.

Brief Profile- Qualification,Experience

Kushal Jajodia is a Fellow Member of the ICAI and in practice for
more than 8 years. He is the partner of Kushal Jajodia &
Associates, Chartered Accountants. He is also the Member of the
Registered Valuer for Securities & Financial Assets and holding
the Certificate of Practise. He is registered with the Independent
Director’s Databank and successfully cleared the Proficiency
Examination. He has been the Coopted Member of the RERA
Committee and the Accounting Standards for Local Bodies for the
WIRC, ICAI. He has wide range of experience in the field of Audits,
Taxation, Corporate Law. He has received various testimonials in
the field for Forensic Audits and International Taxation.

Terms & Conditions of Appointment/Reappointment along with details of
remuneration sought to be paid and the
remuneration last drawn by such
person, if applicable

Non-Executive Independent Director, not liable to retire by
rotation

Relationship with other Directors of the
company

NIL

Number of meetings of the board attended NIL
during the year
Shareholding in the Company
List of Directorships in other Companies

Holding 14000 equity shares
NIL

[p.33]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
(CIN: U63040MH1994PLC083438)
28TH ANNUAL REPORT
Name of the Director and DIN
Date of Birth
Nationality
Designation

Samaa Nusrat Shah (DIN: 07554045)
11/12/1989
Indian
Additional (Non-Executive) Independent Director

Date of appointment & Term of appointment Her appointment is effective from September 05, 2022, to hold
office up to ensuing Annua General Meeting of the Company.

Brief Profile- Qualification, Experience

Samaa Shah is an Advocate enrolled with the Bar Council of
Maharashtra & Goa in the year 2012 with 10 years of practice in
civil, commercial, property law, family law as well as criminal law.
She is also enrolled as a Solicitor with the Bombay Incorporated
Law Society since 2015. Presently, her law practice is registered in
the firm name M/s SN Juris, Advocates & Solicitor, of which she is a
partner along with her husband Nishad Nevgi. Her office is at 402,
Simran Plaza, Jn. Of 3rd and 4th Road, Khar West, Mumbai 400 052.

Terms & Conditions of Appointment/Reappointment along with details of
remuneration sought to be paid and the
remuneration last drawn by such
person, if applicable

Non-Executive Independent Director, not liable to retire by
rotation

Relationship with other Directors of the NIL
company
Number of meetings of the board attended NIL
during the year
Shareholding in the Company
List of Directorships in other Companies

NIL
NIL

[p.34]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
(CIN: U63040MH1994PLC083438)
28TH ANNUAL REPORT

TWENTY-EIGTH ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

Date

September 30, 2022

Time

11. a.m.

Venue

303/304/305, Simran Plaza, Near Hotel
Regal Enclave, Khar West, Mumbai – 400
052, Maharashtra,India

ATTENDANCE SLIP
Name of the member
Registered Office Address
ofthe member

Folio No.
Number of Shares held

I, being a member/proxy for the member of the Company, hereby, record my presence at the
TwentySeventh Annual General Meeting of the Company at 303/304/305, Simran Plaza, Near
Hotel Regal Enclave, Khar West, Mumbai – 400 052, Maharashtra, India on Friday, September 30,
2022 at 11.30 a.m.
Name of the Member/Proxy

Signature of Member/Proxy

1.

Please hand over the attendance slip at the entrance of the venue of the meeting;

2.

The attendance is valid only in case shares are held on the date of meeting;

[p.35]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
(CIN: U63040MH1994PLC083438)
28TH ANNUAL REPORT
Form MGT-11
PROXY FORM

[Pursuant to Section 105(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 19(3) of the
Companies(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014]
Name of the member
Registered Address
Folio No.
Email ID

I/We, being the member(s) of
theabove named Company, hereby, appoint,
1

Name:
Email ID:_
Address:
_
Signature:

2

(insert number of shares) of

orfailing him;

Name:
Email ID:_
Address:
_
Signature:
orfailing him;

As my/our proxy to attend and vote (on a poll) for me/us and my/our behalf at the Twenty
Eighth Annual General Meeting of the Company at 303/304/305, Simran Plaza, Near Hotel Regal
Enclave, Khar West, Mumbai – 400 052, Maharashtra, India on Friday, September 30, 2022 at
11.00 a.m.

_
Signature of member

Revenue

Signature of Proxy

[p.36]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
(CIN: U63040MH1994PLC083438)
28TH ANNUAL REPORT

FORM MGT-12
POLLING PAPER

[Pursuant to Section 109(5) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 21(1)(c) of the Companies
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014]
Name of the Company

Party Cruisers Limited

CIN:

L63040MH1994PLC083438

Registered Office:

303-305, Simran Plaza, Near Hotel
Regal Enclave, Khar West, Mumbai –
400 052,Maharashtra, India

BALLOT PAPER / POLL PAPER
Sr
1.
2.

Particulars
Name of First-named Shareholder
Postal Address:

3.

Folio No.

Details

I, hereby, exercise my vote in respect of Ordinary Resolution enumerated below by recording my assent or dissent
to the said resolution in following manner:
Sr

Resolution

Ordinary Resolution
1.
Adoption of Audited Financial
Statements and Annual Report for
financial year ended 31st
March, 2021
2.
Appointment of Mr. Armaan Zuzer
Lucknowala (DIN: 07961568),
who retired by rotation and being
eligible, has offered himself for reappointment
Special Resolution
3.
Appointment of Mr. Kushal
Jajaodia (DIN: 02082400) as
Independent Director of the
company

Number
of I assent to the
Shares held by me resolution

I

dissent
from the
resolution

[p.37]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
(CIN: U63040MH1994PLC083438)
28TH ANNUAL REPORT
4.

Appointment of Ms. Samaa Nusrat
Shah (DIN: 07554045) as
Independent Director of the
company

5.

Approval of PCL Employee Stock
Option Plan 2022
Approval for increase in
remuneration of Mr. Zuzer Hatim
Lucknowala, Managing Director of
the company
Approval for increase in
remuneration of Ms. Rachana
Zuzer Lucknowala, Executive
Director of the company

6.

7.

8.

Approval for increase in
remuneration of Mr. Armaan
Zuzer Lucknowala, Non-Executive
Director of the company

Date:
Place :

Signature of Member/Proxy

[p.38]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
(CIN: U63040MH1994PLC083438)
28TH ANNUAL REPORT

ROUTE MAP TO THE VENUE OF THE AGM

[p.39]


[p.40]


[p.41]


[p.42]


[p.43]


[p.44]


[p.45]
FORM MGT-9
EXTRACT OF ANNUAL RETURN
As on financial year ended on 31st March 2022
[Pursuant to section 92(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule 12(1) of the
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014]

I.

REGISTRATION AND OTHER DETAILS:
CIN
Registration Date
Name of the Company
Category / Sub-Category of the
Company
Address of the Registered
office and contact details
Whether listed company
Name, Address and Contact
details of
Registrar and
Transfer Agent, if any:

II.

:
:
:
:

U63040MH1994PLC083438
December 2, 1994
Party Cruisers Limited
Company Limited By Shares / Non –Government Company

:

303, 304, 305, Simran Plaza, Near Hotel Regal Enclave,
Khar West, Mumbai – 400 052, Maharashtra, India
Yes
KFin Technologies Private Limited
Selenium Tower – B, Plot No 31 & 32, Financial District,
Nanakramguda, Serillingampally, Hyderabad, Rangareddi,
Telangana, India – 500032.

:
:

PRINCIPAL BUSINESS ACTIVITIES OF THE COMPANY

All the business activities contributing 10 % or more of the total turnover of the company shall be
stated: Sl. No.

1

III.

Name and
Description of
main products/
services
Event Planning and
Management

NIC Code of
the Product/
service

% to total
turnover of the
company

82900

100.00

PARTICULARS OF HOLDING, SUBSIDIARY AND ASSOCIATE COMPANIES

Sr.
No.

Name and address of the
Company

-

-

CIN
GLN

/
-

Holding
subsidiary
associate
-

/
/

% of Applicable
shares section
held
-

[p.46]
I

SHARE HOLDING PATTERN
(Equity Share Capital Breakup as percentage of Total Equity):

i.

CATEGORY-WISE SHARE HOLDING:

Category of
Shareholders

No. of Shares held at the beginning of the year

No. of Shares held at the end of the year

Demat

Physical

Total

% of
Total
Share

Demat

Physical

100.00

40,80,000

%
Change
during
the
year

Total

% of
Total
Share

0

40,80,000

72.86

A. Promoters
(1) Indian
a) Individual/HUF

40,80,000

0

40,80,000

b) Central Govt

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

c) State Govt(s)

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

d) Bodies Corp.

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

e) Banks / FI

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

f) Any other

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

40,80,000

0

40,80,000

100.00 40,80,000

0

40,80,000

72.86

17.14

a) NRIs Individuals
b) Other –
Individuals
c) Bodies Corp.

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

d) Banks / FI

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

e) Any other

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

40,80,000

0

40,80,000

100.00 40,80,000

0

40,80,000

72.86

(27.14)

B. Public
Shareholding

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

(1) Institutions

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

Sub-total(A)(1):

0

17.14

(2) Foreign

Sub-total (A)(2):
Total shareholding
of Promoter (A)
=(A)(1)+(A)(2)

a) Mutual Funds

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

b) Banks / FI

0

0

0

0.00

0

0

0

0.00

0

c) Central Govt

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

d) State Govt(s)

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

e) Venture Capital
Funds

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

f) Insurance
Companies

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

g) FIIs

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

h)Foreign Venture
Capital Funds

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

i) Others (specify)

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

Sub-total (B)(1):

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

[p.47]
(2)NonInstitutions
a) Bodies Corp.
06)i) Indian
ii) Overseas
b) Individuals
i) Individual
shareholders
holding nominal
share capital
uptoRs. 2 lakh
ii) Individual
shareholders
holding nominal
share capital in
excess of Rs 2
lakh
c) Others
Clearing Members
OTHERS
Sub-total(B)(2):
Total Public
Shareholding
(B)=(B)(1)+(B)(2)
C. Shares held by
Custodian for
GDRs &
ADRs
Grand Total
(A+B+C)

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

1382000

0

1382000

24.68

713960

0

713960

12.75

11.93

0

0

0

0

686000

0

686000

12.25

12.25

8000

0

8000

0.14

4040

0

4040

0.07

2.46

130000
15,20,000
15,20,000

0
0

130000
15,20,000
15,20,000

3.57
206000
027.14 15,20,000
27.14 15,20,000

0
0

206000
15,20,000
15,20,000

3.68
27.14
27.14

0.11
0
0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

5600000

100 56,00,000

0

56,00,000

100

0

5600000

0

ii. SHAREHOLDING OF PROMOTERS:
Sl.
No.

Shareholder’s
Name

Shareholding at the beginning of the year
No. of
shares

1)
2)
3)
4)
5)
6)
7)
8)
9)

Zuzer Hatim
Lucknowala
Firoz Hatim
Lucknowala
Elyas Hatim
Lucknowala
Rachana Zuzer
Lucknowala
Zainab Firoz
Lucknowala
Alefiya Firoz
Lucknowala
Armaan Zuzer
Lucknowala
Muskaan Elyas
Lucknowala
Mehek Elyas
Lucknowala

% of total
Shares of
the
Company

% of
Shares
Pledged/
encumber
ed to total
shares

Share holding at the end of the
Year
% of total
% of
No.
of
Shares of the
Shares
share
Company
Pledged /
s
encumbere
d to total
shares

%
change
in share
holding
during
the year

19,31,607

34.49

0

1931607

34.49

0

-

15,000

0.27

0

15,000

0.27

0

-

15,000

0.27

0

15,000

0.27

0

-

19,15,893

34.21

0

19,15,893

34.21

0

-

16,200

0.29

0

16,200

0.29

0

-

16,200

0.29

0

16,200

0.29

0

-

1,37,700

2.46

0

1,37,700

2.46

0

-

16,200

0.29

0

16,200

0.29

0

-

16,200

0.29

0

16,200

0.29

0

-

[p.48]
Total
40,80,000
100.00
0
40,80,000
Sl.
Shareholding at the beginning of
No.
the year
For each of the Directors and
No. of shares
%
of
total
KMP
shares of the
(Mr. Zuzer Lucknowala)
Company
At the beginning of the year
19,31,607
34.49
Date wise Increase / Decrease in There was no
Share holding during the year change in the
specifying the reasons for increase no. of shares
/ decrease (e.g. allotment / transfer held as on 31 st
/ bonus / sweat equity etc)
March, 2021
At the End of the year
19,31,607
34.49

0
72.86
Cumulative
Shareholding
during the year
No. of shares
% of total
shares of
the Company
19,31,607
34.49
-

-

19,31,607

34.49

iii. CHANGE IN PROMOTERS’ SHAREHOLDING: There is no change in promoters’
shareholding
iv. SHAREHOLDING PATTERN OF TOP TEN SHAREHOLDERS (OTHER
THAN DIRECTORS,PROMOTERS AND HOLDERS OF GDRS AND ADRS):
Sl.
No.
1.

Name of Share Holder
NNM Securities Private Limited
At the beginning of the year
Date wise Increase / Decrease in
Share holding during the year
specifying the reasons for increase
/ decrease (e.g. allotment /transfer
/ bonus / sweat equity
etc.)
At the End of the year ( or on the
date of separation, if separated
during the year)

i.

Shareholding at the beginning of
the year
No. of shares
% of total
shares of the
Company
0
0
70,000
1.25

70,000

1.25

Cumulative Shareholding during
the year
No. of shares
%
of
total
shares of
the Company
0
0
90,000
1.60

90,000

1.60

SHAREHOLDING OF DIRECTORS AND KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL:

Sl.
No.
For each of the Directors and KMP
(Mrs. Rachana Lucknowala)
At the beginning of the year
Date wise Increase / Decrease in
Share holding during the year
specifying the reasons for increase
/ decrease (e.g. allotment / transfer
/ bonus / sweat equity etc)
At the End of the year

Shareholding at the beginning of
the year
No. of shares
%
of
total
shares of the
Company
19,15,893
34.21
There was no
change in the
no. of shares
held as on 31st
March, 2021
19,15,893
34.21

Cumulative
during the year
No. of shares

Shareholding

19,15,893

% of total
shares of
the Company
34.21

-

-

19,15,893

34.21

-

[p.49]
Sl.
No.
For each of the Directors and
KMP
(Mr. Firoz Lucknowala)
At the beginning of the year
Date wise Increase / Decrease in
Share holding during the year
specifying the reasons for increase
/ decrease (e.g. allotment / transfer
/ bonus / sweat equity etc)
At the End of the year

Shareholding at the beginning of
the year
No. of shares
%
of
total
shares of the
Company
15,000
0.27
There was no
change in the
no. of shares
held as on 31st
March, 2021
15,000
0.27

Cumulative
Shareholding
during the year
No. of shares
% of total
shares of
the Company
15,000
0.27

For each of the Directors and
KMP
(Mr. Zuzer Lucknowala)
At the beginning of the year
Date wise Increase / Decrease in
Share holding during the year
specifying the reasons for increase
/ decrease (e.g. allotment / transfer
/ bonus / sweat equity etc)
At the End of the year

Shareholding at the beginning of
the year
No. of shares
%
of
total
shares of the
Company
19,31,607
34.49
There was no
change in the
no. of shares
held as on 31 st
March, 2021
19,31,607
34.49

Cumulative
Shareholding
during the year
No. of shares
% of total
shares of
the Company
19,31,607
34.49

Sl.
No.

II

-

-

15,000

0.27

-

-

19,31,607

34.49

INDEBTEDNESS:

Indebtedness of the Company including interest outstanding/accrued but not due for payment.
Secured Loans
excluding
deposits

Unsecured
Loans

Deposit

Total
Indebtedness

Indebtedness at the beginning of
the financial year
i) Principal Amount
ii) Interest due but not paid
iii) Interest accrued but not due
Total (i+ii+iii)

0
0
0
0

18,23,486
0
0
18,23,486

0
0
0
0

18,23,486
0
0
18,23,486

Change in Indebtedness during
the financial year
Addition
Reduction
Net Change

0
0
0

0
0
0

0
0
0

0
0
0

Indebtedness at the end of the financial
year
Principal Amount
ii) Interest due but not paid
iii) Interest accrued but not due
Total (i+ii+iii)

0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

0
0
0
18,23,486

III REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL:
A. Remuneration to Managing Director, Whole-time Directors and/or Manager:

[p.50]
Sl.
No.

1

2
3
4
5

Particulars
Remuneration

of

Gross salary
(a) Salary as per provisions
contained in section 17(1) of
the Income-tax Act,
1961
(b) Value of perquisites u/s
17(2) Income-tax Act, 1961
(c) Profits in lieu of salary
under section 17(3) Incometax Act, 1961
Stock Option
Sweat Equity
Commission
Others, please specify
Total (A)
Ceiling as per the Act

Name of MD/ WTD/ Manager
Mrs.
Mr. Zuzer
Hatim
Rachana
Lucknowala
Zuzer
Lucknowala
30,00,000 30,00,000
N.A
N.A

_

Total
Amount
-

-

N.A
N.A

N.A
N.A

60,00,000
NA

N.A

N.A

N.A

N.A

N.A

N.A

N.A

N.A

N.A

N.A

N.A
N.A
N.A
N.A
30,00,000
N.A

N.A
N.A
N.A
N.A
30,00,000
N.A

N.A
N.A
N.A
N.A
N.A
N.A

N.A
N.A
N.A
N.A
N.A
N.A

N.A
N.A
N.A
N.A
60,00,000
N.A

Mr.
Kartikeya
Desai

Total

B. REMUNERATION TO OTHER DIRECTORS:

Sl.N Particulars of
o.
Remuneration

Directors
Mr. Armaan
Lucknowala

1.

2.

Independent
Directors
Fee for attending
board / committee
meetings
Commission
Others, please
specify
Total (1)
Other NonExecutive Directors
Fee for attending
board / committee
meetings
Commission
Others, please
specify
Total (2)
Total (B)=(1+2)
Total Managerial
Remuneration
Overall Ceiling asper the
Act

Mr. Sameer
Bhagat

Mr. Manish
Chandak

N.A

20,000

20,000

20,000

60,000

N.A
N.A

NA
NA

NA
NA

NA
NA

N.A
N.A

N.A

20,000

20,000

20,000

60,000

N.A

NA

NA

NA

NA

N.A
8,40,000

NA
NA

NA
NA

NA
NA

NA
N.A

8,40,000
8,40,000
8,40,000

NA
NA
20,000

NA
NA
20,000

NA
NA
20,000

N.A

N.A

N.A

N.A

C. REMUNERATION TO KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL OTHER THAN
MD/MANAGER/WTD

Sl.
No.

Particulars of Remuneration

Key Managerial Personnel

8,40,000
8,40,000
9,00,000
N.A

[p.51]
30,00,000
N.A

Company
Secretary
(Ms.
Namrata
Negi)
68,000
N.A

N.A

N.A

CEO
(Mr. Zuzer
Lucknowala)
1

Gross salary
(a) Salary as per provisions
contained in section 17(1) ofthe
Income-tax Act, 1961
(b) Value of perquisites u/s
17(2) Income-tax Act, 1961
IV.

CFO
(Ms. Phyllis
Polekad)

Total

6,00,000
N.A

36,68,000
N.A

N.A

N.A

PENALTIES / PUNISHMENT/ COMPOUNDING OF OFFENCES:

Type

A. COMPANY
Penalty

Section of
the
Companies
Act

Brief
Description

Details of
Penalty /
Punishment/
Compounding
fees imposed

Regulation
29(2)/(3)

Noncompliance
pertaining to
Prior Intimation
Noncompliance
pertaining to
statement of
grievance
redressal
mechanism
N.A
N.A

N.A
N.A

N.A
N.A

N.A
N.A

N.A
N.A
N.A

N.A
N.A
N.A

N.A
N.A
N.A

N.A
N.A
N.A

N.A
N.A
N.A

N.A
N.A
N.A

N.A
N.A
N.A

N.A
N.A
N.A

Regulation
13(3)

Punishment
N.A
Compounding
N.A
B. DIRECTORS
Penalty
N.A
Punishment
N.A
Compounding
N.A
C. OTHER OFFICERS IN DEFAULT
Penalty
N.A
Punishment
N.A
Compounding
N.A

Authority
[RD
/NCLT/
COURT]

Appeal made,
if any
(give Details)

11800

NSE

--

50740

NSE

--

For Party Cruisers Limited

Date: September 5, 2022
Place: Mumbai.

For Party Cruisers Limited

SD/SD/Mr. Zuzer Hatim Lucknowala Mr. Firoz Hatim Lucknowala
Managing Director
Director

[p.52]


[p.53]


[p.54]


[p.55]


[p.56]


[p.57]


[p.58]


[p.59]


[p.60]


[p.61]


[p.62]


[p.63]


[p.64]


[p.65]


[p.66]


[p.67]


[p.68]


[p.69]


[p.70]


[p.71]


[p.72]


[p.73]


[p.74]


[p.75]


[p.76]


[p.77]


[p.78]


[p.79]


[p.80]


[p.81]


[p.82]


[p.83]


[p.84]


[p.85]


[p.86]


[p.87]
RAMANAND & ASSOCIATES
CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS

Head Office:
C/06, 11&12, Ostwal Park Bldg. No.
4,CHSL,Near Jesal Park, Jain Temple,
Bhayandar(East), Dist. Thane 401 105.
Mob: 9322006131/9322231113
Tel.: +91022 28171199
Email: rg‹êcaramanandassociates.com
Website: www.caramanandassociates.com

Independent Auditor's Report on Audit of half yearly and Year to date Financial Results of
the Company Pursuant to the Regulation 33 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TO BOARD OF DIRECTORS
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
Report on audit of the Standalone Financial Statements

Disclaimer of Opinion
We have audited the accompanying Statements of Standalone Financial Results of PARTY CRUISERS
LIMITED (“the Company”) for the half year ended 31 March 2022 and for the period from 1st April
2021 to 31st March 2022(“the statement”) attached herewith, being submitted by the Company pursuant
to the requirement of Regulation 33 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“Listing Regulations”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanation given to us these
standalone financial statements:
i.
are presented in accordance with the requirements of Regulation 33 of the Listing
Regulations in this regard; and
ii.
Indicate that, Because of the significance of the matters described in the Basis for
Disclaimer of Opinion section of our report , we have not been able to obtain sufficient
appropriate audit evidence to provide a basis for an audit opinion on these financial
statements.

Basis for Disclaimer Opinion:
1.Trade Receivables
The Company’s Current Financial Assets as at 31st March 2022 includes Trade Receivables,
aggregating to Rs.105.06 Lakhs (31st March 2021 Rs. 228.76 Lakhs) which were outstanding for
substantial period of time. Management has assessed that; no adjustments are required for carrying value
of aforesaid balances. Consequently, in the absence of sufficient appropriate audit evidence to support
the Management’s contention of recoverability of these balances, we are unable to comment upon the
adjustments if any, that are required to the carrying value of aforesaid balances and consequential impact
if any on the accompanying standalone financial results.

2.Trade Payables
The Company’s Current Financial Liabilities as at 31st March 2022 includes Trade Payables, aggregating
to Rs. 175.88 Lakhs (31st March 2021 Rs. 83.01 Lakhs) respectively in respect of which
confirmations/statements from the respective parties have not been received and which were outstanding
for substantial period of time. Further, whilst, we have been able to perform alternate procedures with
respect to certain balances, in the absence of confirmations/ statements from the respective parties, we
are unable to comment upon the adjustments if any, that are required to the carrying value of aforesaid
balances and consequential impact if any on the accompanying standalone financial results

[p.88]
3. Inventory
The Company generally follow AS -2 and value the inventory at cost or realizable value whichever is
lower. However, in the absence of sufficient appropriate audit evidence, we are unable to comment on
impact of the same.

Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Financial
Statements
These standalone financial results have been prepared on the basis of the condensed standalone interim
financial statements. The Company’s Management and Board of Directors are responsible for the
preparation and presentation of these standalone financial results that give a true and fair view of the net
profit/loss and other comprehensive income (loss) and other financial information in accordance with the
recognition and measurement principles laid down in Accounting Standard 25,‘Interim Financial
Reporting’ prescribed under Section 133 of the Act and other accounting principles generally accepted
in India and in compliance with Regulation 33 of the Listing Regulations. This responsibility also
includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for
safeguarding of the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds and other
irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and
estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance of adequate
internal financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of
the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the standalone financial results
that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the standalone financial results, the Management and the Board of Directors are responsible
for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters
related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Board of Directors
either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
The Board of Directors is also responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Results
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the standalone financial results as a
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that
an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the
basis of these standalone financial results.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain
professional skepticism throughout the audit.
We also identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the standalone financial results,
whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain
audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not
detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as
fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
internal control.
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that
are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the company’s internal control.
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
and related disclosures made by the Management and Board of Directors.
Conclude on the appropriateness of the Management and Board of Directors’ use of the going concern
basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists
related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a
going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our
auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the standalone financial results or, if such disclosures are
inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to
continue as a going concern.

[p.89]
Evaluate the overall presentation,
presentation, structure and content of the standalone financial results, including the
disclosures, and whether the standalone financial results represent the underlying transactions and events
in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
We communicate with those
those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned
scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in
internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applic
applicable,
able, related
safeguards.
For Ramanand & Associates
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No:: 117776W

Ramanand Gupta
Partner
Membership No. 103975
UDIN: 22103975AJHCWK1623
Place: Mumbai
Date: 20th May, 2022
