[p.1]
CIN: L63040MH1994PLC083438

29TH ANNUAL REPORT
2022-23

[p.2]
CORPORATE INFORMATION

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Mr Zuzer Hatim Lucknowala

Chairman and Managing Director

Ms Rachana Zuzer Lucknowala

Executive Director

Mr Firoz Hatim Lucknowala

Executive Director

Mr Armaan Zuzer Lucknowala

Non-Executive Director

Mr Sameer Prem Bhagat

Independent Director

Ms Samaa Nusrat Shah

Independent Director

Mr Shamaun Ahmed

Independent Director

Ms Mubaraka Kaunain Jaliwala

Independent Director

Mr Cyrus Rohinton Shroff

Additional Director (w.e.f. July 11, 2023)

KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL
Ms. Phyllis Anthony Polekad

Chief Financial Officer (CFO)

Ms. Namrata Subhash Singh Negi

Company secretary & Compliance Officer (CS)

SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Mr Zuzer Hatim Lucknowala

Managing Director

Ms. Phyllis Anthony Polekad

Chief Financial Officer

Ms. Seher Nazmee

Chief Business Officer

Mr. Rushika Gowani

Chief Client Servicing Officer

Mr. Firoz Shaikh

Chief Production Officer

AUDITORS
M/s Rahul Pramod & Co.,
Chartered Accountants
Internal Auditor

M/s. Ramanand & Associates,
Chartered Accountants
Statutory Auditor

BANKERS
Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited

HDFC Bank Ltd

M/s. Zalak Mehta & Associates
Practising Company Secretaries
Secretarial Auditor

[p.3]
REGISTRAR & SHARE TRANSFER AGENT
KFin Technologies Limited
Selenium, Tower B, Plot No. 31 & 32,
Financial District, Nanakramguda, Hyderabad,
Rangareddi, Telangana, India- 500 032

REGISTERED OFFICE:
CIN: L63040MH1994PLC083438
303/304/305, Simran Plaza,
Khar 4th Road, Next to Regal Enclave Hotel,
Khar West, Mumbai 400052
Contact: 02249739352 / 9967160222
Email: compliance.partycruisersindia@gmail.com
compliance@partycruisersindia.com

[p.4]
NOTICE
Notice is hereby given that the Twenty-Ninth Annual General Meeting of the Members of Party Cruisers
Limited (CIN: L63040MH1994PLC083438) will be held physically on Friday, September 29, 2023 at
11:00 A.M. at 306 Simran Plaza, Khar 4th Road Next to Regal Enclave Hotel, Khar West, Mumbai- 400052,
Maharashtra, India, to transact the following business:
ORDINARY BUSINESS:
1. To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended March
31, 2023 and report of the Board of Directors and Auditors thereof along with its annexures forming
part of the Annual Report
2. To Re-appoint Mr. Firoz Lucknowala (DIN:-01553122) Executive Director of the Company who
retires by rotation and being eligible have offered himself for re-appointment.
SPECIAL BUSINESS:
3. Regularization of Mr. Cyrus Rohinton Shroff as Non-Executive and Non-Independent Director
of the Company
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT the consent of Members is hereby accorded to appoint Mr. Cyrus Rohinton Shroff
(DIN:- 03205780) as the Non-Executive Non-Independent Director, who was appointed by the Board
of Directors, based on the recommendations of Nomination and Remuneration Committee, as an
Additional Director of the Company with effect from July 11, 2023 and who holds office upto the date
of ensuing Annual General Meeting of the Company in the terms of Section 161(1) and any other
applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act,2013, be and is hereby appointed as a NonExecutive Non-Independent Director of the Company, not liable to retire by rotation.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT, the Board of Directors of the Company be and are hereby severally
authorized to sign the requisite forms / documents and to do all such acts, deeds and things and
execute all such documents, instruments and writings as may be required to give effect to the
aforesaid resolution.”
4. Re-appointment of Ms. Rachana Zuzer Lucknowala (DIN:- 02466195) as Executive Director of
the Company for a period of five years
To consider, and, if thought fit, to pass following Special resolution, with or without modification:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 196, 197, 203 and other applicable
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013, including any statutory modifications or re-enactment
thereof for the time being in force, read with the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 including Schedule V of the said Act and as recommended by the
Nomination and Remuneration Committee and approval of the Board of Directors of the Company,
consent and approval of the Members of the Company be and is hereby accorded for the reappointment of Ms. Rachana Zuzer Lucknowala (DIN 02466195) as Executive Director of the
Company for a period of 5 years with effect from August 31, 2023 liable to retire by rotation.

[p.5]
5. Re-appointment of Ms. Samaa Nusrat Shah (DIN:- 07554045) as Independent Director of the
Company
To consider, and, if thought fit, to pass following resolution, with or without modification, as Special
Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 149, 152 and any other applicable
provisions of Directors) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s)
thereof, for the time being in force), Ms. Samaa Nusrat Shah (DIN: 07554045), who was appointed as
a Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company and has submitted a declaration confirming
that he meets the criteria of independence under Section 149(6) of the Act and whose candidature
for the office of Director has been recommended by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee
and Board of Directors and in respect of whom the Company has received a Notice in writing from a
Member under Section 160(1) of the Act, proposing her candidature for the office of Director, be and
is hereby re-appointed as an Independent Director of the Company, to hold office for another term of
1 (one) year, with effect from September 05, 2022 and whose office shall not be liable to retire by
rotation.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors and/or the Company Secretary of the Company,
be and is /are hereby authorized, singly and/or jointly to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things
as may be considered necessary, desirable or expedient for giving effect to this resolution."
6. To take the Blanket Approval for vesting schedule in ESOP 2023
To consider, and, if thought fit, to pass following resolution, with or without modification, as Special
Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT all the options granted on any date shall vest within a minimum period of 1 (One)
year and within a maximum period of 5 (Five) years from the date of grant of options as may be
determined by the Committee. The Committee may extend, shorten, or otherwise vary the vesting
period from time to time subject to these minimum and maximum vesting period.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors and the Nomination and Remuneration
Committee (NRC) of the Company shall have all the powers to decide the Lock-in period for the shares
issued to each employee upon exercise of options.”

By the order of the Board of Directors
For Party Cruisers Limited
Sd/Zuzer Lucknowala
Chairman & Managing Director
DIN: 00979509
Reg. Office
303/304/305 Simran Plaza, Khar 4th Road,
Next to Regal Enclave Hotel, Khar west
Mumbai – 400052
Date: August 30, 2023
Place: Mumbai

[p.6]
Notes:
1. A member entitled to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting (“Meeting”) is entitled to
appoint a proxy to attend and vote on a poll instead of himself / herself and the proxy need not
be a member of the Company. The instrument appointing proxy in order to be effective, should
be deposited at Company's registered office, duly completed and signed, not less than 48 (fortyeight) hours before the commencement of the meeting. A person can act as proxy on behalf of
members not exceeding fifty (50) and holding in the aggregate not more than ten percent of the
total share capital of the Company. A member holding more than ten percent of the total share
capital of the Company carrying voting rights may appoint a single person as proxy and such
person shall not act as proxy for any other person or shareholder.
2. The Proxy holder shall prove his/her identity at the time of attending the Meeting.
3. When a member appoints a proxy and both the Member and the Proxy attend the Meeting, the
Proxy stands automatically revoked.
4. Members are requested to bring their attendance slip along with their copy of Annual Report to
the meeting.
5. The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) setting
out material facts concerning the business under Item Nos. 3 to 6 of the Integrated Annual Report
2022-23, is annexed hereto. Further, the relevant details pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing
Regulations”) and Secretarial Standard on General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company
Secretaries of India, in respect of Directors seeking appointment/re-appointment at this AGM
are also annexed.
6. Electronic copy of the Annual Report 2022-23 is being sent to all the members whose email IDs
are registered with the Company/Depository Participant(s) for communication purposes unless
any member has requested for a hard copy of the same. For members who have not registered
their email address, physical copies of the Annual Report 2022-23 are being sent in permitted
mode.
Members who have not registered their e-mail addresses, so far, are requested to register their
e-mail addresses, in respect of electronic holdings with the Depository through their concerned
Depository Participants or with Company or with the Registrar & Share Transfer Agent of the
Company (in case of Shares held in physical form).
7. Members are requested to notify any change in their addresses to the Company or Registrar and
Share Transfer Agent of the Company immediately. Members holding shares in electronic form
are requested to advise change of addresses to their Depository Participants.
8. Members may also note that the Notice of 29th Annual General Meeting and the Annual Report
2022-23 will also be available on the Company’s website at www.partycruisersindia.com for
their download. The physical copies of the aforesaid documents will also be available at the
Company’s Registered Office at 303-305, Simran Plaza, Near Hotel Regal Enclave, Khar west,
Mumbai- 400 052, Maharashtra India for inspection between 10.00 a.m. to 06.00 p.m. on

[p.7]
working days. Even after registering for e-communication, members are entitled to receive such
communication in physical form, upon making a request for the same, by post free of cost.
9. The notice of 29th Annual General Meeting will also be available on NSDL website:
www.evoting.nsdl.com for their download.
10. Members are requested to provide their client ID and DP ID numbers at the meeting for easy
identification.
11. Members desirous of obtaining any information concerning the account and operations of the
Company are requested to address their queries to the Company Secretary, so as to reach the
Company at compliance.partycruisersindia@gmail.com at least 7 (Seven) days before the date
of the Meeting, to enable the Company to make available the required information at the Meeting,
to the extent possible.
12. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) has mandated the submission of Permanent
Account Number (“PAN”) by every participant in the securities market. Members holding shares
in electronic form are therefore, requested to submit their PAN card numbers/copies of PAN
card to their depository participants with whom they are maintaining their demat accounts.
Members holding shares in physical form can submit their PAN details to the
Company/Registrar and Share Transfer Agent, KFin Technologies Private Limited.
13. A route map along with prominent landmark for easy reach to the venue of Annual General
Meeting is at the last page of this Notice.
14. Pursuant to Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 of Companies
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended upto date, Regulation 44 of SEBI
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 the Company is pleased to
provide its members the facility to exercise their right to vote on the resolutions proposed to be
passed in the 29th Annual General Meeting (AGM) by electronic means and the business may be
transacted through e-voting services provided by National Securities Depository Limited
(NSDL).
The facility for voting through ballot / polling paper shall also be made available at the venue of
the 29th AGM. The members attending the meeting, who have not already cast their vote through
remote e-voting shall be able to exercise their voting rights at the meeting. The members who
have already cast their vote through remote e-voting may attend the meeting but shall not be
entitled to cast their vote again at the AGM.
15. In case of Joint holders, the Members whose name appears as the first holder in the order of
names as per the Register of Members of the Company will be entitled to vote at the AGM.
16. The Company has fixed Friday, September 1, 2023 as the “Record Date” for determining the
members whose name are registered will be entitled to receive Notice of the AGM.
17. In case of Joint holders, the Members whose name appears as the first holder in the order of
names as per the Register of Members of the Company will be entitled to vote at the AGM.

[p.8]
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING ARE AS UNDER:The remote e-voting period begins on Tuesday, September 26, 2023 at 9:00 A.M. and ends
on Thursday, September 28, 2023, at 5:00 P.M. The remote e-voting module shall be disabled
by NSDL for voting thereafter. The Members, whose names appear in the Register of
Members / Beneficial Owners as on the record date (cut-off date) i.e. Friday, September 22,
2023, may cast their vote electronically. The voting right of shareholders shall be in
proportion to their share in the paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on the cutoff date, being 22nd September, 2023.
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system?
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned
below:
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system
A) Login method for e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies,
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat
account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to
update their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility.
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below:
Type of shareholders
Individual
Shareholders
holding securities in demat
mode with NSDL.

Login Method

1. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL
Viz. https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal
Computer or on a mobile. On the e-Services home page click
on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” which is
available under ‘IDeAS’ section , this will prompt you to
enter your existing User ID and Password. After successful
authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services
under Value added services. Click on “Access to e-Voting”
under e-Voting services and you will be able to see e-Voting
page. Click on Company name or e-Voting service
provider i.e. NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-Voting
website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote eVoting period If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services,
option to register is available at https://eservices.nsdl.com.
Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or click at
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp
2. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by
typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/
either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the
home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon
“Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’
section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your

[p.9]
User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number hold
with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as
shown on the screen. After successful authentication, you
will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can
see e-Voting page. Click on Company name or e-Voting
service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to eVoting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the
remote e-Voting period.
3. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile
App “NSDL Speede” facility by scanning the QR code
mentioned below for seamless voting experience.

Individual
Shareholders
holding securities in demat
mode with CDSL

1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can
login through their existing user id and password. Option
will be made available to reach e-Voting page without any
further authentication. The users to login Easi /Easiest are
requested to visit CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and
click on login icon & New System Myeasi Tab and then user
your existing Myeasi username & password.
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to
see the e-Voting option for eligible companies where the
evoting is in progress as per the information provided by
Company. On clicking the evoting option, the user will be
able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting service provider
for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period.
Additionally, there is also links provided to access the
system of all e-Voting Service Providers, so that the user can
visit the e-Voting service providers’ website directly.
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to
register is available at CDSL website www.cdslindia.com
and click on login & New System Myeasi Tab and then click
on registration option.
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by
providing Demat Account Number and PAN No. from a eVoting link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. The
system will authenticate the user by sending OTP on
registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat
Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to

[p.10]
see the e-Voting option where the evoting is in progress and
also able to directly access the system of all e-Voting Service
Providers.

Individual
Shareholders
(holding securities in demat
mode) login through their
depository participants

You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account
through your Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL
for e-Voting facility. upon logging in, you will be able to see e-Voting
option. Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to
NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication,
wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on Company name or eVoting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to eVoting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote eVoting period.

Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User
ID and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website.

Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical
issues related to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL.

Login type

Helpdesk details

Individual Shareholders holding
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact
securities in demat mode with NSDL NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in
or call at 022 - 4886 7000 and 022 - 2499 7000
Individual Shareholders holding
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact
securities in demat mode with CDSL CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no.
1800 22 55 33

B) Login Method for e-Voting for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding
securities in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode.
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website?

1. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL:
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.

2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is

available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section.
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a
Verification Code as shown on the screen.

[p.11]
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at
https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices
after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your
vote electronically.
4. Your User ID details are given below :
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat Your User ID is:
(NSDL or CDSL) or Physical
a) For Members who hold shares in demat 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit
account with NSDL.
Client ID
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and
Client ID is 12****** then your user ID is
IN300***12******.
b) For Members who hold shares in demat 16 Digit Beneficiary ID
account with CDSL.
For example if your Beneficiary ID is
12************** then your user ID is
12**************
c) For Members holding shares in Physical EVEN Number followed by Folio Number
Form.
registered with the Company
For example if folio number is 001*** and
EVEN is 101456 then user ID is
101456001***

5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below:

a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing password to
login and cast your vote.
b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the
‘initial password’ which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial
password’, you need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the system will force you to
change your password.
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’?
(i)
If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the Company, your
‘initial password’ is communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email
sent to you from NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email and open the
attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The password to open the .pdf file
is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL
account or folio number for shares held in physical form. The .pdf file contains
your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’.
(ii)
If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in
process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered.

[p.12]
6. If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “ Initial password” or have forgotten

your password:
a) Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If you are holding shares in your demat
account with NSDL or CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com.
b) Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com.
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a
request at evoting@nsdl.co.in mentioning your demat account number/folio number,
your PAN, your name and your registered address etc.
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on
the e-Voting system of NSDL.

7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the
check box.
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button.
9. After you click on the “Login” button, home page of e-Voting will open.
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system.
How to cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system?
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you are
holding shares and whose voting cycle is in active status.

2. Select “EVEN” of Company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-Voting period.
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens.
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of
shares for which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when
prompted.

5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed.
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the
confirmation page.

7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote.

General Guidelines for shareholders
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send scanned
copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with attested
specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the
Scrutinizer by e-mail to nageswara.raop@kfintech.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.
Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board
Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority Letter etc. by clicking on "Upload Board Resolution /
Authority Letter" displayed under "e-Voting" tab in their login.

[p.13]
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care
to keep your password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five
unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In such an event, you will need to go through
the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option available on
www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and
e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com
or call on : 022 - 4886 7000 and 022 - 2499 7000 or send a request to (Name of NSDL Official) at
evoting@nsdl.co.in

Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for
procuring user id and password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions
set out in this notice:
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned
copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card),
AADHAR
(self
attested
scanned
copy
of
Aadhar
Card)
by
email
to
(compliance@partycruisersindia.com).
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit
beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self attested
scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to
(compliance@partycruisersindia.com). If you are an Individual shareholders holding securities in
demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login
method for e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode.
3. Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.co.in for procuring user
id and password for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents.
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies,
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat
account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are required to
update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat account in order to access eVoting facility.

[p.14]
ANNEXURE TO 29th AGM NOTICE

EXPLANATORY STATEMENT IN RESPECT OF THE SPECIAL BUSINESS PURSUANT TO SECTION
102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 (“THE ACT”)
Item No: 3
Mr. Cyrus Rohinton Shroff was appointed as Additional Director with effect from July 11, 2023, in
accordance with the provisions of Section 161 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Articles of
Association. Pursuant to Section 161 of the Companies Act, 2013, the above director holds office up
to the date of ensuring Annual General Meeting of the Company. The Board is of the view that the
appointment of Mr. Cyrus Rohinton Shroff as an Non-Executive Non-Independent Director on the
Company Board is desirable and would be beneficial to the Company and hence it recommends the
said resolution No 3 for approval by the members of the Company.
Except Mr. Cyrus Rohinton Shroff, none of the Directors / Key Managerial Personnel of the Company
/ their relatives, in any way concerned or interested, in the said resolution. The Board recommends
the said resolution to be passed as an ordinary resolution.

Additional information on directors recommended for appointment/re-appointment as required
under Regulation 36(3) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015 and Secretarial Standard-2 issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India:
Name of Director

Mr. Cyrus Rohinton Shroff

DIN

03205780

Date of Birth

16/05/1974

Nationality

Indian

Type of Appointment

Appointment as Non-Executive Non-Independent Director

Date of first Appointment
on Board

11/07/2023

Qualification

Chartered Accountant

No. of Shares held

58000 Shares

Experience in Specific

Mr. Cyrus Shroff is a Chartered Accountant by qualification
and founder of Zend Advisors LLP, that services a ‘white
space’ in SME/MSME / family owned business segment. Zend
is an operations consulting and CEO services firm that
endeavours to provide holistic solutions to the shareholders
of family managed businesses. Mr Shroff provides a mix of
both operations support as well as strategic consulting thus
servicing a bandwidth gap which most sub Rs 100 crore
businesses in India find difficult to fill.

[p.15]
Mr. Shroff’s employment career of over 2 decades has been
only with marquee organizations such as KKR Private Equity,
the Tata Group, Citigroup and KPMG. His professional
experience covers several avenues of the financial services
industry (private equity, transaction structuring, corporate
finance, due diligence and accounting) coupled with the onground operations related execution across industry
Directorships held in other
companies
Tanaz Godiwalla Foods Private Limited & Misharzu Foods And Food
Products Private Limited
Membership of Committees
of listed public companies

Not a part of any Committee of the Company

Disclosure of relationships
between Directors inter-se

Not Related to other Directors

Justification
appointment

His professional experience of over 2 decades covers several
avenues of the financial services industry (private equity,
transaction structuring, corporate finance, due diligence and

for

accounting) coupled with the on-ground operations related
execution across industry

Except Mr. Cyrus Rohinton Shroff, none of the directors or Key Managerial Personnel and their
relatives is interested or concerned in the resolution as set out in item No. 3 of the Notice.

Item No. 4
Additional information on directors recommended for appointment/re-appointment as required
under Regulation 36(3) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015 and Secretarial Standard-2 issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India:

Name of Director

Ms. Rachana Zuzer Lucknowala

DIN

02466195

Date of Birth

23/09/1970

Nationality

Indian

Type of Appointment

Re-appointment as Executive Director

[p.16]
Date of first Appointment
on Board

02/12/1994

Qualification

Diploma Holder in Hotel Management from Dadar Catering
college and completed her Graduation from Mumbai
University.

No. of Shares held

Equity Shares 1915893 of Rs.10 each.

Experience in Specific

With the fine sense of innovation and management, and with
experience of more than 30 years in the sector of events and
weddings, Ms. Rachana Lucknowala is an asset to the
Company who is instrumental in the growth of the business
of the Company over the years.

Directorships held in other
companies
Nil
Membership of Committees
of listed public companies

Audit Committee, Internal Complaints Committee under POSH.

Disclosure of relationships
between Directors inter-se

Mr. Armaan Zuzer Lucknowala – Son

Justification
appointment

She has around 24 years of experience in Sales and
Marketing in the Wedding and Corporate Events industry.

for

Mr. Zuzer Hatim Lucknowala – Husband

The Board of Directors at their meeting held on August 30, 2023 have approved the terms of reappointment of Ms. Rachana Zuzer Lucknowala for a further period of five (5) years with effect from
August 31, 2023 with a remuneration not exceeding 60 Lakh as per the recommendation of the
Nomination, Remuneration and Compensation Committee subject to the further approval by the
members of the Company and approval of Central Government, if any.
A statement containing information required to be provided to the shareholders as per the
provisions of Schedule V in respect of re-appointment of Ms. Rachana Lucknowala (DIN
003205780) is given below:
I.General Information:
Nature of Industry: The company is a Event Management Company engaged in wide spectrum of
various events organisation.
Financial performance based on given indicators:
(In thousands)
Particulars
FY 2022-23
FY 2021-22
Standalone
Total Income
4,01,038
1,60,408
Total
Expenditure
3,34,409
1,41,720
(including Finance Cost,

[p.17]
depreciation and tax and
exceptional items)
Profit/Loss After Tax
Earning per share

38,172
6.23

13,293
2.37

Foreign investments or collaborations: No foreign investments or collaborations
II.Information about appointee:
1. Background Details: With the fine sense of innovation and management, and with
experience of more than 30 years in the sector of events and weddings, Ms. Rachana
Lucknowala is an asset to the Company who is instrumental in the growth of the business
of the Company over the years.
2. Past remuneration: Remuneration drawn by Ms. Rachana Lucknowala in his capacity as
Managing Director during the last three years is as follows:
Particulars

FY 2022-23

FY 2021-22

Salary (in Rs.)

60,00,000

30,00,000

FY 202021
32,00,000

3. Remuneration proposed: Remuneration not exceeding `60 lakhs p.a. including perquisites
as may be determined by the Board of Directors of the Nomination, Remuneration and
Compensation Committee.
4. Comparative Remuneration profile with respect to industry, size of the Company,
profile of the position and person: The remuneration offered to Ms. Rachana Lucknowala
is at par with the industry norms considering the industry, size of the Company, profile of
the position and person.
5. Pecuniary Relationship directly or indirectly with the company, or relationship with
the managerial personnel: Ms. Rachana Lucknowala is a promoter director of the
Company holding 19,15,893 equity shares in the Company. She has a direct pecuniary
relationship with Mr. Zuzer Lucknowala & Mr. Armaan Lucknowala Directors of the
Company.
Except Ms. Rachana Lucknowala, none of the directors or Key Managerial Personnel and their
relatives is interested or concerned in the resolution as set out in item No. 4 of the Notice.
Ms. Rachana Lucknowala is not debarred or disqualified from continuing to act as a director of
companies by SEBI, MCA or any other statutory authority.
The Board recommends the Special Resolution as set out in Item no. 4 for approval of members

Item No: 5
The Board of Directors of the Company in their Meeting held on August 30, 2023 based on
recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and pursuant to the provisions
of Section 161 (1) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Article of Association of the Company, had
approved the re-appointment of Ms. Samaa Nusrat Shah [DIN: 07554045] as an (Non-Executive)
Independent Director under the Category of Independent Director for a term of 1 year (One year)

[p.18]
w.e.f. September 05, 2023, subject to approval of members at the ensuing Annual General Meeting
of the Company. The Company had received consent from Ms. Samaa Nusrat Shah to act as a
Director of the Company along with a declaration that she is not disqualified from being appointed
as a Director in terms of Section 164 of the Companies Act, 2013. The Company had also received a
declaration from her that she meets the criteria of independence as prescribed under Section 149
(6) of the Act, rule 6 (3) of Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 and
SEBI Listing Regulations. In terms of Section 150 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 6 of
the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors Rules, 2014, as amended, Ms. Samaa
Nusrat Shah has confirmed that she has registered her name in the data bank with the Indian
institute of corporate Affairs).
Further, in terms of Regulation 25 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosures Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, the appointment, re-appointment or removal of an independent director of a
listed entity, shall be subject to the approval of shareholders by way of a special resolution.
Accordingly, the appointment of Ms. Samaa Nusrat Shah would require the approval of the
members of the Company.
In the opinion of the Board, Ms. Samaa Nusrat Shah fulfills the Conditions for re-appointment as an
Independent Director of the Company as specified in the Act and SEBI Listing Regulations. Ms.
Samaa Nusrat Shah is a person of integrity and independent of the management and possesses
appropriate skills, experience and knowledge.
Upon the confirmation of the appointment of her as Independent Non-Executive Director by the
Members of the Company, the appointment shall be formalized by the issue of a letter of
appointment by the Company to the said Non-Executive Independent Director. Accordingly, the
Board of Directors of the Company recommend the passing of the Special Resolution at Item No. 6
to this Notice.
Except Ms. Samaa Nusrat Shah, none of the directors or Key Managerial Personnel and their
relatives is interested or concerned in the resolution as set out in item No. 5 of the Notice.

Item No: 6
Employee stock options play a substantial role in promoting the culture of employee ownership
and in attracting, retaining, motivating talented personnel by way of recognising and rewarding
them.
Therefore, the Company is intending to issue employee stock options under Employee Stock Option
Scheme 2023 (‘ESOP 2023’) to the employees of the Company whether existing or future by enabling
them to participate in the ownership of the Company.
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee (‘the Committee’) at its meeting inter-alia formulated
the details of the said blanket approval which was duly approved by the Board of Directors of the
Company (‘the Board’) at its meeting held on August 30, 2023 subject to the approval of the members
and the provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits &
Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021, as amended from time to time (the ‘SBEB Regulations’).
The Company seeks approval of the members for the variation in Vesting schedule under ESOP 2023
of the Company i.e. all the options granted on any date shall vest within a minimum period of 1 (One)
year and within a maximum period of 5 (Five) years from the date of grant of options as may be

[p.19]
determined by the Committee. The Committee may extend, shorten, or otherwise vary the vesting
period from time to time subject to these minimum and maximum vesting period as may be decided
by Board and / or the Committee from time to time in accordance with the provisions of the
Companies, Act, 2013 (including rules framed thereunder), SBEB Regulations and other applicable
laws and regulations.
The Company seeks approval of the members for the variation in Lock-in period under ESOP 2023 of
the Company i.e. the Board of Directors and the Nomination and Remuneration Committee (NRC) of
the Company shall have all the powers to decide the Lock-in period for the shares issued to each
employees upon exercise of options from time to time in accordance with the provisions of the
Companies, Act, 2013 (including rules framed thereunder), SBEB Regulations and other applicable
laws and regulations.

By Order of the Board of Directors,
For Party Cruisers Limited
Zuzer Lucknowala
Chairman & Managing Director
DIN: 00979509
Regd Office:
303/304/305, Simran Plaza, Khar 4th Road
Next to Regal Enclave Hotel, Khar West
Mumbai – 400052
Place: Mumbai
Date : August 30, 2023

[p.20]
CONTACT DETAILS:

Company

PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
303-305, Simran Plaza, Near Hotel Regal Enclave, Khar
West, Mumbai – 400 052, Maharashtra, India
Tel: +91-9145500448
Email: compliance.partycruisersindia@gmail.com
Website: www.partycruisersindia.com

Registrar & Share Transfer Agency KFin Technologies Limited
(formerly known as Karvy Fintech Private Limited)
Selenium Building, Tower – B, Plot No. 31 & 32, Financial
District, Nanakramguda, Serlingampally, Hyderabad,
Rangareddi, Telangana, India – 500 032
Telephone: +91-4067162222
Email: nageswara.raop@kfintech.com
Website: www.kfintech.com
Remote Evoting Agents

National Depository Services (India) Limited
Trade World, A wing, 4th Floor, Kamala Mills Compound,
Lower Parel, Mumbai - 400013
Contact: toll free- 1800 1020 990
Email:- evoting@nsdl.co.in

Scrutinizer

Ms. Zalak Bhavik Mehta, Proprietor
(Membership No: A47030 | COP: 19822)
M/s Zalak Mehta & Associates, Company
Secretaries
501, Skyline Wealth Space, Above Kia Showroom,
Premier Road, Vidyavihar West, Mumbai 400086
Phone: +91 9769171122
Email: cszalakmehta@gmail.com

[p.21]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
CIN: L63040MH1994PLC083438
Reg. Office: 303/304/305 Simran Plaza, Khar 4th Road Next to Regal Enclave Hotel, Khar West, Mumbai400052
TWENTY-NINTH ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
Date

Friday, September 29, 2023

Time

11:00 A.M.

Venue

306, Simran Plaza, Near Hotel Regal Enclave, Khar
West, Mumbai - 400052, Maharashtra,India

ATTENDANCE SLIP
Name of the member
Registered Office Address ofthe member

Folio No.
Number of Shares held

I, being a member/proxy for the member of the Company, hereby, record my presence at the
Twenty Ninth Annual General Meeting of the Company at 306, Simran Plaza, Near Hotel Regal
Enclave, Khar West, Mumbai – 400 052, Maharashtra, India on Friday, September 29, 2023 at 11:00
A.M.
Name of the Member/Proxy

Signature of Member/Proxy

1. Please hand over the attendance slip at the entrance of the venue of the meeting;
2. The attendance is valid only in case shares are held on the date of meeting;

[p.22]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
CIN: L63040MH1994PLC083438
Reg. Office: 303/304/305 Simran Plaza, Khar 4th Road Next to Regal Enclave Hotel, Khar West, Mumbai400052
Form MGT-11
PROXY FORM
[Pursuant to Section 105(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 19(3) of the Companies
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014]

Name of the member
Registered Address
Folio No.
Email ID

I/We, being the member(s) of
hereby, appoint,
1

2

(insert number of shares) of the above named Company,

Name:
Email ID:_
Address:
_

_________
__________
___________
___________

Signature:
failing him;
Name:
Email ID:_
Address:
_

or

Signature:
failing him;

_________
__________
___________
___________
__ or

As my/our proxy to attend and vote (on a poll) for me/us and my/our behalf at the Twenty
Ninth Annual General Meeting of the Company at 306, Simran Plaza, Near Hotel Regal
Enclave, Khar West, Mumbai – 400 052, Maharashtra, India on 29th September, 2023 at 11:00
A.M.

[p.23]
_____________________________
Signature of Member
Affix
Revenue
Stamp

_______________________________________
Signature of Proxy

[p.24]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
CIN: L63040MH1994PLC083438
Reg. Office: 303/304/305 Simran Plaza, Khar 4th Road Next to Regal Enclave Hotel, Khar West, Mumbai400052
FORM MGT-12
POLLING PAPER
[Pursuant to Section 109(5) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 21(1)(c) of the
Companies(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014]
Name of the Company

Party Cruisers Limited

CIN:

L63040MH1994PLC083438

Registered Office:

303-305, Simran Plaza, Near Hotel Regal Enclave, Khar West,
Mumbai – 400 052, Maharashtra, India

BALLOT PAPER / POLL PAPER
Sr
1.
2.

Particulars
Name of First-named Shareholder
Postal Address:

3.

Folio No.

Details

I, hereby, exercise my vote in respect of Ordinary Resolution enumerated below by recording my
assent or dissent to the said resolution in following manner:
Sr.No

Resolution

Ordinary Resolution
Adoption of Audited Financial
1.
Statements and Annual Reportfor
financial year ended 31st March,
2023

Number of
Shares held
by me

I assent to the I
resolution
dis
sent from
the
resolution

[p.25]
2.

Re-appointment of Mr. Firoz
Hatim Lucknowala (DIN:
01553122), who retired by
rotation and being eligible, has
offered herself for reappointment

3

Regularization of Mr. Cyrus
Rohinton Shroff as Non-Executive
and Non-Independent Director of
the Company

4

Re-appointment of Ms. Rachana
Zuzer Lucknowala (DIN:02466195) as Executive Director
of the Company for a period of five
years

5

Re-appointment of Ms. Samaa
Nusrat Shah (DIN:- 07554045) as
Independent Director of the
Company

6

Blanket Approval for vesting
schedule and lock in period in
ESOP 2023

Date:
Place:

Signature of Member/Proxy

[p.26]
Route Map to the Venue of AGM

[p.27]
Boards’ Report

To
The Members,
Party Cruisers Limited
The Directors are pleased to present to you the 29th Annual Report of Party Cruisers Limited (“The
Company” or “Your Company”) along with the Audited Financial Statements for the Financial Year
ended March 31, 2023.
COMPANY OVERVIEW
Party Cruisers Limited is a distinguished event management Company that specializes in creating
extraordinary and seamless event experiences. With a strong foundation in curating and executing
weddings that reflect individual stories of love, we extend our expertise to a wide array of events.
Our dedicated team of event professionals thrives on innovation, attention to detail, and a
commitment to exceeding expectations, making us the premier choice for any occasion.

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
The table below gives the financial highlights of the Company for the year ended 31st March, 2023,
as compared to the previous year:
(Amt In 000’)
Particulars

F.Y. 2022-23

F.Y. 2021-22

Total Income

4,01,038

1,60,408

Total Expenses

3,34,409

1,41,720

Profit before extraordinary items and tax

66,729

18,689

Extraordinary Items

(17234)

(203)

Profit before tax

49,495

18,485

Tax expense

(11,322)

(5,193)

Net profit /(loss) after tax for the year

38,172

13,293

[p.28]
PERFORMANCE REVIEW
During the year ended 31st March, 2023, your Company earned revenue of Rs. 4,01,038 thousand as
compared to Rs. 1,60,408 thousand in the previous year. The operations have recorded a Profit of Rs.
38,172 thousand as compared to a Profit of Rs. 13,293 thousand in the previous year.

STATE OF COMPANY’S AFFAIRS AND OPERATIONS
The Company aims at turning visions into reality, transforming ordinary events into extraordinary
memories that last a lifetime. Whether it's an intimate wedding, a grand corporate gala, or a themed
birthday celebration, our team is dedicated to infusing creativity, precision, and passion into every
event we undertake.

SHARE CAPITAL STRUCTURE
The Authorised Equity Share Capital as on 31st March, 2023 was Rs. 12,00,00,000/- (Rupees Twelve
Crore Only) comprising of 1,20,00,000 (One Crore Twenty Lakh) Equity Shares of the face value of
Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten Only) each. There is no change in the Authorised Share Capital of the Company
during the year.
However, the paid-up Share Capital of the Company was Rs. 11,20,00,000/- (Rupees Eleven Crore
Twenty Lakh Only) comprising of 1,12,00,000 (One Crore Twelve Lakh) Equity Shares of the face
value of Rs.10/- (Rupees Ten Only) each.

DIVIDEND
Due to inadequacy of profits and in order to consolidate the financial position of the Company, your
Directors have not recommended any dividend for the year.
SUBSIDIARIES
The Company does not have any subsidiary Company as on 31st March, 2023. The Company did not
acquire or dispose off the stake in any subsidiary Company during the financial year under review.
The Company has not issued any sweat equity shares or equity shares with differential rights during
the year ended 31st March, 2023.

DIRECTORS AND KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL
During the year under review, the following mentioned were the Directors and Key Managerial
Personnel of the Company as on March 31, 2023:

[p.29]
Sr.
No
1.

Name of Directors

DIN/PAN

Designation

Mr.
Zuzer
Lucknowala

Hatim

00979509

Chairman & Managing Director

2.

Mrs. Rachana
Lucknowala

Zuzer

02466195

Executive Director

3.

Mr.
Firoz
Lucknowala

Hatim

01553122

Executive Director

4.

Mr.
Armaan
Lucknowala

Zuzer

07961568

Director

5.

Mr. Sameer Prem Bhagat

08614642

Independent Director

6.

Mr. Samaa Nusrat Shah

07554045

Independent Director

7.

Mr. Shamaun Ahmed

06969462

Independent Director

8.

Mr. Mubaraka Kaunain
Jaliwala

08614667

Independent Director

9.

Ms. Phyllis
Polekad

Anthony

AJJPP7048R

Chief Financial Officer

10.

Mrs. Namrata Subhash
Singh Negi

AMNPN1185C

Company
Secretary
Compliance Officer

&

Appointment of Mr. Cyrus Shroff
Further, Mr. Cyrus Rohinton Shroff was appointed w.e.f. July 11, 2023 as an Additional Director of
the Company and he will be regularised as Non-Executive Non-Independent Director of the Company
at the ensuing Annual General Meeting of the. Accordingly, resolution seeking his regularisation
forms a part of the notice convening the 29th AGM.
Re-appointment:
Ms. Rachana Lucknowala (DIN: 02466195) was appointed as the Executive Director of the Company
for a period of 5 years. The Board, on recommendation of the Nomination, Remuneration and
Compensation Committee and after evaluating her performance and considering the Company’s
growth under her leadership approved her re-appointment for a further period of 5 years
commencing from August 31, 2023, subject to the approval of the shareholders and Central
Government, if any. Accordingly, resolution seeking her reappointment for further term of 5 years
forms a part of the notice convening the 29th AGM.
Ms. Samaa Nusrat Shah (DIN: 07554045) shall also be re-appointed as the Independent Director of
the Company and resolution seeking her reappointment for a period of 1 year forms a part of the
notice convening the 29th AGM.

[p.30]
Retirement by Rotation:
In accordance with the provisions of Section 152 of the Act, read with Companies (Appointment and
Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, Mr. Firoz Lucknowala (DIN: 01553122), retires by rotation at
the ensuing Annual General Meeting and being eligible, has offered himself for re-appointment and
your Board has recommended his re-appointment.
Pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, brief resume of the Director proposed
for appointment/re-appointment has been given in the statement annexed to the Notice convening
the Annual General Meeting.

CODE OF CONDUCT FOR DIRECTORS & SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The Board has adopted a Code of Conduct for Directors & Senior Management in accordance with the
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and other applicable provisions. The Code also incorporates
the duties of Independent Directors. All the Board Members and Senior Management Personnel have
confirmed compliance with the Code. A copy of the Code has been put on the Company’s website.

FAMILIARIZATION PROGRAMME FOR DIRECTORS
At the time of appointment of the Director, a formal letter of appointment is given to the Director.
The Director is also explained in detail the roles, functions, duties and responsibilities expected from
him/her and also compliance required from him/her under the Companies Act, 2013, and other
applicable provisions.
The Board of Directors has complete access to the information within the Company. Presentations
are regularly made to the Board of Directors and various Committees of the Board. The details of the
Company’s familiarization programme for Independent Directors can be accessed at Company's
website.

ANNUAL EVALUATION OF THE BOARD, ITS COMMITTEES AND INDIVIDUAL DIRECTORS
The Nomination, Remuneration and Compensation Committee of the Company has laid down the
criteria for performance evaluation of the Board and individual Directors including the Independent
Directors and Chairperson covering various aspects of the Board’s functioning such as adequacy of
the composition of the Board and its committees, Board Culture, execution and performance of
specific duties, obligations and governance. It includes circulation of evaluation forms separately for
evaluation of the Board, its Committees, Independent Directors / Non-Executive Directors /
Executive Directors and the Chairman of your Company.
The Board and the Nomination, Remuneration and Compensation Committee reviewed the
performance of individual Directors including the Chairman and the Managing Director on their
personal performance, participation, contribution and offering guidance and understanding of the
areas which were relevant to them in their capacity. The Directors were also assessed on selected
parameters related to roles, responsibilities and obligations of the Board and functioning of the
Committees including assessing the quality, quantity and timeliness of flow of information between
the Company's Management and the Board which is necessary for the Board to effectively and
reasonably perform their duties.

[p.31]
In a separate meeting of Independent Directors, performance of Non-Independent Directors, the
Board as a whole and the Chairman of the Company was evaluated, taking into account the views of
Executive Directors and Non-Executive Directors.
The Board expressed its satisfaction with the evaluation results, which reflects the high degree of
engagement of the Board and its Committees with the Company and its Management.
DECLARATION BY INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
The Independent Directors of the Company have furnished necessary declarations to the Company
under Section 149(7) of the Companies Act, 2013 confirming that they meet the criteria of
independence as prescribed for independent directors under Section 149(6) of the Act and
Regulation 16(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations.
In the opinion of the Board, all the Independent Directors possess the requisite qualifications,
expertise and experience including the proficiency required to be Independent Directors of the
Company, fulfil the conditions of independence as specified in the Act and the SEBI Listing
Regulations and are independent of the management and have also complied with the Code for
Independent Directors as prescribed in Schedule IV of the Act.

DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
In terms of Section 134 (5) of the Companies Act, 2013 your Directors state that:
i.

ii.

iii.

iv.
v.
vi.

In preparation of annual accounts for the year ended 31st March, 2023, the applicable
accounting standards have been followed along with proper explanations relating to material
departures, if any;
They have selected such accounting policies and applied them consistently and made
judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of
the state of affairs of the Company as at 31st March, 2023 and loss of the Company for the
year ended on that date;
They have taken proper and sufficient care for the maintenance of adequate accounting
records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of the
Company and for preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities;
They have prepared the annual accounts on a going concern basis;
They have laid down proper internal financial controls to be followed by the Company and
they were adequate and operating effectively and
They have devised proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable
laws and such systems were adequate and operating effectively

BOARD COMMITTEES
The Board of Directors of the Company has constituted various Committees in compliance with the
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI Listing Regulations, such as Audit Committee,
Nomination, Remuneration and Compensation Committee, and Stakeholders’ Relationship
Committee.
All decisions pertaining to the constitution of the Committees, appointment of members and fixing of
terms of reference/role of the Committees are taken by the Board of Directors.

[p.32]
AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Composition of Audit Committee as on 31st March, 2023 is :Name
Mr. Sameer Prem Bhagat

Designation in
Committee
Chairman

Ms. Samaa Nusrat Shah

Member

Non-Executive Independent
Director

Mrs. Rachana Zuzer
Lucknowala

Member

Executive Director

Nature of Directorship
Non-Executive Independent
Director

NOMINATION REMUNERATION AND COMPENSATION COMMITTEE
The Composition of Nomination, Remuneration and Compensation Committee as on 31st March, 2023
is:Name

Designation In
Committee

Nature of Directorship

Ms. Samaa Nusrat Shah

Chairman

Non-Executive Independent
Director

Mr. Sameer Prem
Bhagat

Member

Non-Executive Independent
Director

Mr. Armaan Zuzer
Lucknowala

Member

Non-Executive Director

STAKEHOLDER RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE
The Composition of Stakeholder Relationship Committee as on 31st March, 2023 is:Designation In
Committee

Name

Nature of Directorship

Ms. Samaa Nusrat Shah

Chairman

Non-executive Independent
Director

Mr.
Sameer
Bhagat

Prem

Member

Non-Executive Independent
Director

Mr.
Firoz
Lucknowala

Hatim

Member

Executive Director

[p.33]
INTERNAL COMPLAINTS COMMITTEE UNDER POSH
The Composition of Internal Complaints Committee as on 31st March, 2023 is :Name

Designation In
Committee

Nature of Directorship

Mrs. Phyllis Anthony
Polekad

Chairman/

CFO

Presiding Officer

Mr. Samaa Nusrat Shah

Member

Non-Executive Independent
Director

Ms. Rachana Zuzer
Lucknowala

Member

Executive Director

RISK MANAGEMENT
The Company has Risk Management Systems in place including identification of elements of risk, if
any, which in the opinion of the Board may threaten the existence of the Company. After identifying
the risk and assessing the level of impact, controls are put in place to mitigate the risk by the
concerned executives/the Board to control the exposure of the risk and balance the impact of risk on
a continuous basis.
WHISTLE BLOWER POLICY/VIGIL MECHANISM
The Company has Whistle Blower Policy encompassing vigil mechanism to report genuine concerns
and grievances. The policy provides adequate safeguards against victimisation of persons who use
the Whistle Blower mechanism. It provides appropriate avenues to the employees to bring to the
attention of the management any issue, which is perceived to be in violation or in conflict with the
fundamental business of the Company. The employees are encouraged to voice their concerns by way
of whistle blower policy and have been given access to the Audit Committee. The policy is available
on the website of the Company at https://www.partycruisersindia.com.
MEETINGS OF THE BOARD AND COMMITTEES
The Board met 18 (Eighteen) times during the financial year. The gap between these meetings was
within the prescribed period under the Act and SEBI Listing Regulations.
COMPLIANCE WITH SECRETARIAL STANDARDS ON BOARD AND GENERAL MEETINGS
The Board of Directors affirms that the Directors have devised proper systems to ensure compliance
with the provisions of all applicable Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of Company
Secretaries of India and that such systems are adequate and operating effectively. The Company has
complied with the applicable Secretarial Standards.
SECRETARIAL AUDIT
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 204 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules made there under
the Company has appointed Ms. Zalak Mehta, Proprietor of M/s. Zalak Mehta & Associates a
Company Secretary in Practice to undertake the Secretarial Audit of the Company.

[p.34]
The Secretarial Audit Report for the year under review issued by M/s. Zalak Mehta & Associates is
annexed to this Report as Annexure A. There are no audit qualifications in the said Report.
Further, in terms of the provisions of the Circular No. CIR/CFD/ CMD1/27/2019 dated 8th February,
2019 issued by Securities and Exchange Board of India, the Company has obtained the Annual
Secretarial Compliance Report for the financial year ended 31st March, 2023, thereby confirming
compliance of the applicable SEBI Regulations and circulars / guidelines issued thereunder, on behalf
of the Company.

STATUTORY AUDITORS
At the 25th Annual General Meeting of the Company held in the year 2019, the Shareholders had
approved the appointment of M/s. Ramanand & Associates, Chartered Accountants, (Firm
Registration No.117776W), as the Statutory Auditors of the Company for a period of five years from
the conclusion of the 25th AGM till the conclusion of the 30th AGM., in terms of the applicable
provisions of Section 139(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Audit and
Auditors) Rules, 2014.
The Auditors’ Report on the Financial Statements of the Company for the year under review, “with
an unmodified opinion”, as given by the Statutory Auditors, is disclosed in the Financial Statements
forming part of this Annual Report. The Auditors’ Report is clean and there are no qualifications in
their Report. Also, no frauds in terms of the provisions of Section 143(12) of the Act have been
reported by the Statutory Auditors in their report for the year under review. The Notes to the
Financial Statements are self-explanatory and do not call for any further comments.
The Auditor’s Report on the audited financial statement of the Company for the year ended 31 st
March, 2023, do not contain any qualification, reservation or adverse remark therefore not required
any explanation or comment.

REPORTING OF FRAUD BY AUDITORS
During the year under review, neither the Statutory Auditors nor Secretarial Auditors have reported
to the Audit Committee under Section 143(12) of the Act, any instances of fraud committed against
your Company by its officers and employees, details of which would need to be mentioned in the
Directors’ Report.
ANNUAL RETURN
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 134(3) (a) and Section 92(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 read
with Rule 12 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, a copy of the Annual
Return of the Company for the financial year ended 31st March, 2023 is uploaded on the website of
the Company and can be accessed at www.partycruisersindia.com.

PUBLIC DEPOSITS
During the financial year under report the Company has not accepted deposits within the meaning
of Section 73 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Rules,
2014

[p.35]
PARTICULARS OF LOANS, GUARANTEES AND INVESTMENTS
The Company has not made any investments during the year under review.

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
All related party transactions that were entered into during the year were on arm’s length basis and
in the ordinary course of business. The Audit Committee has approved the related party transactions
and subsequently the same were approved by the Board of Directors from time to time and the same
are disclosed in the Financial Statements of the Company for the year under review.
Further, pursuant to the provisions of the Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Board of Directors
has, on recommendation of its Audit Committee, adopted a Policy on Related Party Transactions and
the said policy is available on the website of the Company https://www.partycruisersindia.com/wpcontent/uploads/2022/08/Policy-on-Related-Party-Transactions.pdf The details as required to be
disclosed under the Companies Act, 2013 are attached herewith in Annexure B.

ENERGY CONSERVATION AND TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION
The Company ensures optimized and efficient consumption of energy in all the offices/branches of
the Company. With the implementation of its digital initiatives the Company has also substantially
reduced its paper consumption. The Company has always leveraged technological innovations to
improve its operational efficiency and satisfy and retain our customer base.
Foreign Exchange Earnings & Outgo
Earnings: Nil
Outgo – Nil
INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROL SYSTEM AND THEIR ADEQUACY
The Company’s internal financial control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The
Company’s internal financial control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that pertains to maintenance of records, provide reasonable assurance that transactions are
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements and provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition
of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
The Company’s Board and Audit Committee reviews the adequacy and effectiveness of internal
control systems, internal audit reports and legal compliances and provides guidance for further
strengthening them. The Audit Committee reviews all quarterly and yearly financial results of the
Company and recommends the same to the Board for its approval.
SIGNIFICANT AND MATERIAL ORDERS IMPACTING GOING CONCERN STATUS
No significant or material orders were passed by the Regulators or Courts or Tribunals which impact
the going concern status and Company’s operations in future.

[p.36]
MAINTENANCE OF COST RECORDS
The provisions of Section 148 of the Act are not applicable to the Company. Accordingly, there is no
requirement of maintenance of cost records as specified under Section 148(1) of the Act.
INSIDER TRADING REGULATIONS
Based on the requirements under SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, as
amended from time to time, the Company has adopted a Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider
Trading and Policy on Disclosure of Material Events/ Information which is applicable to all Directors
and the Designated Employees of the Company. The Code lays down the guidelines, which advices on
the procedures to be followed and disclosures to be made while dealing in shares of the Company
and indicate the consequences of non-compliance. A copy of the Code has been put on the Company’s
website.

HUMAN RESOURCES
As a service Company, the Company’s operations are heavily dependent on qualified and competent
personnel. As on 31st March 2023, the total strength of the Company’s permanent employees stood
at 67 excluding casual & contract staff. Your Company takes significant effort in training all
employees at various levels.

MANAGEMENT ANALYSIS AND DISCUSSION REPORT
As per Regulation 34(2)(e) of SEBI Listing Regulations, a separate section on Management Discussion
and Analysis Report highlighting the business of your Company forms part of the Annual Report. It,
inter-alia, provides details about the economy, business, performance review of the Company’s
various businesses and other material developments during the year 2022-23 and is separately
attached as Annexure C

PARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES AND RELATED DISCLOSURE
There are no employees drawing a monthly or yearly remuneration in excess of the limits specified
under Section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rules 5(2) and 5(3) of the Companies
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 including any amendments
thereof. The information containing particulars of employees as required under Section 197(12) of
the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014.

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY POLICY
The provisions pertaining to Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) are not applicable to the
Company.

[p.37]
DISCLOSURE AS PER SEXUAL HARASSMENT OF WOMEN AT WORKPLACE (PREVENTION,
PROHIBITION AND REDRESSAL) ACT, 2013
The Company has zero tolerance for sexual harassment at work place and has adopted a policy on
prevention, prohibition and redressal of sexual harassment at workplace in line with the provision
of Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 and
the rules framed there under.
The Company has constituted an Internal Complaints Committee as per Section 4 of the Sexual
Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013.
Your Directors state that during the year under review, there were no cases filed pursuant to the
above Act.
EMPLOYEES’ STOCK OPTION PLAN 2022 (ESOP 2022)
The Nomination, Remuneration and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the
Company, inter alia, administers and monitors the Employees’ Stock Option Plan of the Company in
accordance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits)
Regulations, 2014 (“SEBI Regulations”). During the year under review, there was no change in the
ESOP scheme of the Company.
The Company has two operative Employee Stock Option Scheme i.e. Employees Stock Option Plan
2022 (“ESOP 2022”), Employee Stock Option Plan 2023 (“ESOP 2023”) with an objective to reward
the eligible employees for their performance in the Company and to share the wealth created by the
Company with them.
The above Schemes are in line with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based
Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014 (“SBEB Regulations”). The Company has obtained certificates
from the Auditors of the Company stating that the Schemes have been implemented in accordance
with the SBEB Regulations and the resolutions passed by the members.
The details as required to be disclosed under the SBEB Regulations will be available on the website
of the Company .

INSOLVENCY AND BANKRUPTCY CODE
During the financial year under review, no applications was made or proceeding initiated against the
Company under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 nor any such proceeding was pending at
the end of the financial year 2022-23.
MATERIAL CHANGES AND COMMITMENTS
There has been no change in the nature of business during the year. There have been no material
changes and commitments affecting the financial position of the Company which have occurred
between the end of the financial year of the Company to which the financial statements relate and
the date of this Report.
RBI GUIDELINES
The Company continues to be in compliance with the RBI Directions.

[p.38]
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
Your Directors wish to express their grateful appreciation for the co-operation and continued
support received from customers, shareholders, investors, parent Company, collaborators, vendors,
financial institutions, banks, regulatory authorities and the society at large during the year. Your
Directors recognize and appreciate the efforts and hard work of all the employees of the Company
and their continued contribution to its progress

For and on behalf of the Board of Director

Zuzer Lucknowala
Chairman & Managing Director
DIN: 00979509
Place: Mumbai
Date: August 30, 2023

[p.39]
Annexure-A

FORM NO. MR-3
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31st, 2023
[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 9 of the Companies
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
To,
The Members,
Party Cruisers Limited
CIN: L63040MH1994PLC083438
303/304/305, Simran Plaza,
Next to Regal Hotel Enclave,
Khar West, Mumbai-400052
I have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and
the adherence to the good corporate practices by Party Cruisers Limited (CIN:
L63040MH1994PLC083438), having its Registered Office situated at 303/304/305, Simran
Plaza, Khar 4th Road Next to Regal Hotel Enclave, Khar West, Mumbai – 400 052, Maharashtra,
India (hereinafter referred to as “the Company”). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner
that provided to me a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts and statutory
compliances and expressing my opinion thereon.
Based on my verification of the Company’s books, papers, minutes books, forms and returns filed
and other records maintained by the Company and also the information provided by the
Company, its officers, agents and authorized representatives during the conduct of secretarial
audit, I hereby report that in our opinion, the company has, during the auditing period covering
the financial year ended 31st March, 2023 (‘Audit Period’), complied with the statutory
provisions listed hereunder and alsothat the Company has proper Board Process and compliance
– mechanism in place to the extent, in themanner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:
I have examined the books, papers, minutes’ books, forms and returns filed and other records
maintained by the Company for the financial year ended 31st March, 2023 according to the
provisions of:
i.

The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules made thereunder;

ii.

The Securities Contract (Regulation) Act, 1956(‘SCRA’) and rules made thereunder;

[p.40]
iii. The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed thereunder;
iv. Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules made thereunder to the extent
of Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investments, External Commercial
Borrowings;
v.

The following regulations and guidelines prescribed under the Securities Exchange
Board ofIndia (SEBI) Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’):

a. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and
Takeover) Regulations, 2011;
b. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading)
Regulations2015;
c. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure
Requirements)Regulations, 2009 (Amended Regulation 2018)
d. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits & Sweat
Equity) Regulations, 2021;- during the financial year under review, the Company has
issued ESOPs to its employees under the said guidelines / regulations. Hence the
provisions of the said regulation are applicable to the Company.
e. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Debt Securities)
Regulations, 2008 the Company has not issued any debt securities during the period
under review the provisions of the said regulation are not applicable to the Company;
f.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrar to an Issue and Share Transfer
Agents) Regulation, 1993 regarding the Companies Act and dealing with client; - the
said regulations are not applicable to the Company, as the Company is not registered
as Registrar to Issue and Share Transfer Agent;

g. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018:
During the period under review the Company have not bought back any securities.
Hence the said regulationis not applicable to the Company;
I have also examined compliance with the applicable clause of the following:
➢ Secretarial Standards with respect to Meeting of Board of Director(SS-1), General Meeting
(SS-2) and Dividend (SS-3) issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India related
to Board meetings, General Meeting and Dividend;
➢ The Listing Regulations Issued by the SEBI i.e. SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements)Regulations,2015;

[p.41]
I further report that during the period under review, the Company has complied with the provisions
of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines, Standards, etc. mentioned above.
I further report that
I.

The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive
Directors, Non-Executive Directors and Independent Directors. The changes in the
composition of the Board of Directors that took place during the period under review were
carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Act.
II. Adequate notice is given to all Directors to schedule the Board meetings in compliance with
the provisions of Section 173 (3) of the Companies Act 2013, agenda and detailed notes on
agenda were sent at least seven days in advance and where the same were given at shorter
notice than 7 (seven) days, proper consent thereof were obtained and a system exists for
seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications on the agenda items before
the meeting andfor meaningful participation at the meeting.
III. Decisions at the meetings of the Board of Directors of the Company were carried through on
the basis of majority. There were no dissenting views by any member of the Board of
Directors during the period under review.
I further report that there are adequate systems and processes in the Company commensurate with
the size and operations of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws,
rules, regulations and guidelines.
I further report that during the reporting period, there have been no specific events or actions
having major bearing on the Company’s affairs in pursuance of the above referred laws, rules,
regulations, guidelines, standards, etc. referred to above.
On the basis of the information and explanation provided to us and records received in the electronic
mode provided by the Company as well as the Registrar on the best effort basis with a disclaimer of
difficulties, faced by the Registrar and Transfer Agent, in pandemic situation, for the purpose of our
verification, we have verified the details and the present certificate has been issued.
For ZALAK MEHTA & ASSOCIATES
Practicing Company Secretaries
ICSI Unique Identification No.: S2018MH590900
Peer Review Cert. No.: 2832/2022
Zalak Mehta
Proprietor
ACS: 47030 | COP No.:19822
ICSI UDIN: A047030E000915691
Note: This is report is to be read with our letter of even date which forms part of this report as
Annexure I and is integral part of this report.

[p.42]
Annexure I

To,
The Members,
Party Cruisers Limited
CIN: L63040MH1994PLC083438
303/304/305, Simran Plaza,
Next to Regal Hotel Enclave,
Khar West, Mumbai-400052
Our Secretarial Audit Report for the Financial Year ended 31st March, 2023 of even date is to be
read along with this letter.
Management’s Responsibility
1. It is the responsibility of the management of the Company to maintain secretarial
records, device proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all
applicable laws and regulations and to ensure that the systems are adequate and
operate effectively.
Auditor’s Responsibility
2. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records, standards
and procedures followed by the Company with respect to secretarial compliances.
3. We have conducted the Audit as per the applicable Auditing Standards issued by the
Institute of Company Secretaries of India.
4. We believe that audit evidence and information obtained from the Company’s
management is adequate and appropriate for us to provide a basis for our opinion.
5. Wherever required, we have obtained reasonable assurance about whether the
statements prepared, documents or Records, in relation to Secretarial Audit,
maintained by the Auditee, are free from misstatement.
6. Where ever required, we have obtained the Management representation about
the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening of events etc.

[p.43]
Disclaimer
7. The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of
the Company or of the efficacy or effectiveness with which the management has
conducted the affairs of the Company.
8. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and
Books of Accounts of the Bank.

For ZALAK MEHTA & ASSOCIATES
Practicing Company Secretaries
ICSI Unique Identification No.: S2018MH590900
Peer Review Cert. No.: 2832/2022

Zalak Mehta
Proprietor
ACS: 47030 | COP No.:19822
ICSI UDIN: A047030E000915691

[p.44]
Annexure- B
FORM NO. AOC -2
(Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of section 134 of the Act and
Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)
Disclosure of particulars of contracts/arrangements entered into by the Company with
related parties referred to in sub section (1) of section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013
including certain arm’s length transaction under third proviso thereto.
1. Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at Arm’s length basis.
SL.
No.
a)
b)
c)
d)
e)
f)
g)
h)

Particulars
Name (s) of the related party & nature of relationship
Nature of contracts/arrangements/transaction
Duration of the contracts/arrangements/transaction
Salient terms of the contracts or arrangements or
transaction including the value, if any
Justification for entering into such contracts or
arrangements or transactions’
Date of approval by the Board
Amount paid as advances, if any
Date on which the special resolution was passed in
General meeting as required under first proviso to
section 188

Details
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil

2. Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions at Arm’s length basis.
SL. No.
a)

Particulars
Name (s) of the related party & nature of relationship

b)
c)
d)

Nature of contracts/arrangements/transaction
Duration of the contracts/arrangements/transaction
Salient terms of the contracts or arrangements or
transaction including the value, if any
Date of approval by the Board
Amount paid as Inter Corporate Deposit, if any

e)
f)

Details
Mr. Zuzer Hatim
Lucknowala, Promoter
cum Director
Rent Paid
19,20,000
18.04.2023
Nil

[p.45]
3. Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions at Arm’s length basis.

SL.
No.
a)

b)
c)
d)
e)
f)

Particulars

Details

Name (s) of the related party & nature of relationship

Nature of contracts/arrangements/transaction
Duration of the contracts/arrangements/transaction
Salient terms of the contracts or arrangements or transaction
including the value, if any
Date of approval by the Board
Amount paid as Inter Corporate Deposit, if any

Mr. Rachana Zuzer
Lucknowala,
Promoter cum
Director
Rent Paid
19,20,000
18.04.2023
Nil

By Order of the Board of Directors,
For Party Cruisers Limited
Zuzer Lucknowala
Chairman & Managing Director
DIN: 00979509

Regd Office:
303/304/305, Simran Plaza, Khar 4th Road
Next to Regal Enclave Hotel, Khar West
Mumbai – 400052
Place: Mumbai
Date: August 30, 2023

[p.46]
Annexure C

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS REPORT

This section shall include discussion on the following matters within the limits set by the listed
entity’s competitive position:
a. Industry structure and developments.
The events industry size was valued at $1,135.4 billion in 2019 and is expected to reach
$1,552.9 billion by 2028, registering a CAGR of 11.2% from 2021 to 2028.
Events refer to public gathering of populace art at a determined time and place. The purpose
for staging an event can be increase in business profitability, celebratory, entertainment, and
community causes among others. The most popular events include conference & exhibition,
corporate events & seminars, promotion & fundraising, music & art performance, sports,
festival, trade shows, and product launch. The key stakeholders within the events market are
corporate organizations, public organizations & NGOs.
Party Cruisers Limited is a distinguished event management Company that specializes in
creating extraordinary and seamless event experiences. With a strong foundation in curating
and executing weddings that reflect individual stories of love, we extend our expertise to a
wide array of events. Our dedicated team of event professionals thrives on innovation,
attention to detail, and a commitment to exceeding expectations, making us the premier choice
for any occasion.
b. Opportunities and Threats
Company has various opportunities to capitalize on in the dynamic and evolving events
industry. Here are some potential opportunities:
Virtual and Hybrid Events: The rise of virtual and hybrid events presents an opportunity to
reach a wider audience while adapting to changing preferences and circumstances.
Sustainability and Eco-Friendly Events: The demand for environmentally responsible
events is growing. Companies that offer sustainable event planning and minimize
environmental impact can stand out.
Experiential Marketing: Brands are increasingly using events as a way to create unique and
memorable experiences that engage customers and build brand loyalty.
Technology Integration: Utilizing cutting-edge event technologies like event apps, virtual
reality, and AI-powered analytics can enhance attendee engagement and streamline event
operations.
Diverse Event Formats: From workshops and seminars to trade shows and product launches,
offering a range of event types allows for diversification and catering to different client needs.

[p.47]
Niche and Specialized Events: Focusing on niche markets or specialized event types (e.g.,
wellness retreats, e-sports tournaments) can help target specific audiences and establish
expertise.
Corporate Training and Team Building: Many companies seek event management services
for team-building activities, workshops, and corporate training events.
Destination Events: Planning events in exotic or unique locations can attract clients looking
for unforgettable experiences.
Crisis Management and Safety Expertise: In light of unexpected crises like the COVID-19
pandemic, event companies with crisis management expertise are in high demand.
Cultural and Diversity Celebrations: Organizing events that celebrate cultural diversity can
resonate with communities seeking inclusive and meaningful experiences.
Collaborations and Partnerships: Forming partnerships with other businesses in related
industries (e.g., catering, entertainment, technology) can expand your service offerings and
reach.
Event Marketing and Promotion: Providing event marketing services, including social media
campaigns and promotional strategies, can add value for clients.
Leveraging Trends: Staying up-to-date with emerging event trends, such as immersive
experiences, personalized content, and interactive elements, can differentiate your services.
Remote Work and Global Reach: With remote work becoming more common, event
management companies can cater to clients from various geographic locations.
Leveraging Social Media Influence: Collaborating with social media influencers can help
boost event attendance and visibility.
The success of Company depends on staying innovative, understanding market trends,
building strong client relationships, and delivering exceptional experiences. Conduct thorough
market research to identify the most viable opportunities for your specific region and target
audience.
c. Segment-wise or product-wise performance
The Company’s principal business activities fall within the single segment viz Event
Management.
d. Business outlook
The event management Company in the current market is promising but also dynamic, shaped
by various factors. On the positive side, the demand for event planning and management
services remains strong, driven by corporate events, weddings, conferences, and social
gatherings. As the world emerges from the COVID-19 pandemic, there's pent-up demand for
in-person events, potentially leading to a surge in bookings.

[p.48]
However, competition in the industry is fierce, with new entrants continually emerging. To
thrive, the Company has adapted to the changing consumer preferences and technological
advancements. Investing in virtual event capabilities and hybrid event solutions can provide a
competitive edge.
Additionally, sustainability and eco-conscious event planning are becoming increasingly
important, with clients seeking eco-friendly options. Successful event management companies
will need to integrate sustainability practices into their services.
Moreover, economic fluctuations and unforeseen disruptions can impact the industry. Event
companies should maintain flexibility, robust contingency plans, and diversified revenue
streams to weather economic uncertainties.
Overall, the outlook for an event management Company is promising, but success will depend
on adaptability, innovation, and a keen understanding of evolving client needs and market
trends.

e. Risks and concerns
Risk Management is an integral part of the Company’s business strategy. risk management is
our guiding compass. We meticulously anticipate, assess, and address potential challenges that
may arise during the planning and execution of events. Whether it's navigating logistical
hurdles, financial uncertainties, or ensuring the safety and security of attendees, our team is
dedicated to minimizing risks while maximizing the success of every event we handle.
f.

Internal control systems and their adequacy
Internal Control Systems has been designed to provide reasonable assurance that assets are
safeguarded, transactions are executed in accordance with management’s authorization and
properly recorded and accounting records are adequate for preparation of financial
statements and other financial information. Internal check is conducted on a periodical basis
to ascertain the adequacy and effectiveness of internal control systems.
Your Company has appointed M/s.. Rahul Pramod & Co, Chartered Accountants, as the Internal
Auditor of the Company with effect from May 20, 2023 pursuant to Section 138 of the
Companies Act, 2013. The Internal Auditors are in the process of setting up a sound and
adequate internal control systems corresponding with its size and nature of business. The
Internal audit would be conducted by an independent professional firm on regular basis. The
Audit Committee along with the Board will be reviewing these systems. These systems would
ensure protection of assets and proper recording of transactions and timely reporting. The
Audit Committee also regularly reviews the reports of the Statutory Auditors, and Internal
Auditors

[p.49]
g. Discussion on financial performance with respect to operational performance

The table below gives the financial highlights of the Company for the year ended 31st March,
2023, as compared to the previous year:
(In thousands)
Particulars

2022-23

2021-22

Total Income

4,01,038

1,60,408

Total Expenses

3,34,409

1,41,720

Profit before extraordinary items and tax

66,729

18,689

Extraordinary Items

(17234)

(203)

Profit before tax

49,495

18,485

Tax expense

(11,322)

(5,193)

Net profit /(loss) after tax for the year

38,172

13,293

During the year ended 31st March, 2023, your Company earned revenue of Rs. 4,01,038
thousand as compared to Rs. 1,60,408 thousand in the previous year. The operations have
recorded a Profit of Rs. 38,172 thousand as compared to a Profit of Rs. 13,293 thousand in the
previous year.
h. Human Resource Development
Human resources are the most valued assets of the Company. They work individually and
collectively contributing to the achievement of the objectives of the business. The relation
between the employees and the Company remained cordial throughout the year. Your
Company’s corporate culture and vision and values helps unite the workforce and provide
standards for how your Company conducts the business. The Company has 67 (sixty seven)
permanent employees on the rolls of Company as on 31st March, 2023.
Details of Significant Changes in Key Financial Ratios
i.

Debtors Turnover Ratio
The Debtors Turnover ratio for the Financial Year 2022-23 is 13.21 as compared to
previous year ratio of 9.32. The percentage change was 41.47% as compared to
immediate previous financial year due to increase in revenue from operations

ii.

Current Ratio
The current ratio for the Financial Year 2022-23 is 2.40 as compared to previous year
ratio of 3.31. The percentage change was 27.56% as compared to immediate financial
year due to increase in trade payable.

[p.50]
iii.

Return on Equity Ratio
The return on equity ratio for the financial year 2022-23 is 13.21 as compared to
previous financial year ratio of 9.32. The percentage change was 41.74% as compared
to immediate previous financial year due to increase in profit after taxes.

iv.

Creditors Turnover Ratio
The return on equity ratio for the Financial Year 2022-23 is 14.30 as compared to
previous financial year ratio of 9.74. The percentage change was 46.81% as compared
to immediate previous financial year due to increase in revenue from operation which
leads to increase in other expenses.

v.

Net Capital Turnover Ratio
The net capital turnover ratio for the Financial Year 2022-23 is 4.75 as compared to
previous financial year ratio of 2.29. The Percentage change was 106.77% as
compared to immediate previous financial year due to increase in revenue from
operation.

vi.

Return on Investment Ratio
The return on investment ratio for the Financial Year 2022-23 is 0.09 as compared to
previous financial year ratio of 0.03. The percentage change was 199.59% as
compared to immediate previous financial year due to increase in net income from the
short term investment in securities.

vii.

Return on Capital Employed Ratio
The return on investment ratio for the Financial Year 2022-23 is 0.21 as compared to
previous financial year ratio of 0.10. The percentage change was 119.91% due to
increase in earning before taxes & interest.

By Order of the Board of Directors,
For Party Cruisers Limited
Zuzer Lucknowala
Chairman & Managing Director
DIN: 00979509

Regd Office:
303/304/305, Simran Plaza, Khar 4th Road
Next to Regal Enclave Hotel, Khar West
Mumbai – 400052
Place: Mumbai
Date: August 30, 2023

[p.51]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
CIN: L63040MH1994PLC083438
Statement of Standalone Audited Financial Results for the Half Year and Year Ended on 31st March
2023
For the Year ended

For the Half Year ended
Particulars

March 31,
2023

March 31,
2022

(Audited)

(Audited)

(Audited)

March 31,
2023

September 30, 2022

March 31,
2022

(Audited)

(Unaudited)

Revenue from operations
Other income
Total Revenue

30,18,87,714
22,05,660
30,40,93,374

9,59,49,460
9,95,514
9,69,44,974

12,27,23,083
29,19,653
12,56,42,736

39,78,37,174
32,01,174
40,10,38,348

15,55,07,058
49,01,381
16,04,08,439

Expenses:
Cost of Material Consumed
Employee benefits expense
Finance costs
Depreciation and amortization expense
Other expenses
Total expenses

6,09,29,679
2,66,38,021
4,56,172
88,67,495
15,50,73,906
25,19,65,273

1,64,87,799
1,79,95,300
1,53,294
52,47,153
4,24,60,579
8,23,44,125

2,62,94,783
2,00,36,678
1,24,686
20,65,147
6,16,97,527
11,02,18,821

7,74,17,478
4,46,33,321
6,09,466
1,41,14,648
19,75,34,485
33,43,09,398

2,81,83,395
2,77,08,625
2,25,781
39,70,618
8,16,31,500
14,17,19,919

Profit before extraordinary items and tax

5,21,28,097

1,46,00,848.6

1,54,23,915

6,67,28,945

1,86,88,520

Extraordinary items
Profit before tax

-75,47,782
4,45,80,315

-96,86,645
49,14,204

(7,56,123)
1,46,67,793

(1,72,34,427)
4,94,94,519

-2,03,120
1,84,85,400

-1,07,50,000
10,36,217

(12,50,000)
-3,58,555

-42,50,000
-5,13,503
0

(1,20,00,000)
6,77,662
-

(50,00,000)
(1,92,793)
-

3,48,66,532

33,05,649

99,04,290

3,81,72,181

1,32,92,607

Tax expense:
(1) Current tax
(2) Deferred tax
(3) Excess /(Short) Provision of Tax for Earlier
Years
Profit/(Loss) after Tax for the year

Earnings per Equity Share - Basic
6.23
0.59
1.77
6.82
2.37
- Diluted
6.23
0.59
1.77
6.82
2.37
(Share of Rs. 10 each)
Notes:
1) The above Audited Financial Results have been reviewed and approved by the Audit Committee and approved by the Board of
2) The company has valued the Current Investment in shares at cost or market value whichever is less.
3) The Company has only one segment which is reportable in terms of AS-17 "Segment Repoting". Hence, no seprate information
4) Previous year/period figures have be regrouped/arranged wherever necessary to make them comparable with current period
5) The figures for the Half year ended 31st March, 2022, are the balancing figures between the audited figures in respect of the full
financial year and published year to date figure upto the first half of the year.
6) Ind AS is currently not applicable to the company
7) Earning per equity share (EPS) is calculated on weighted average of share capital received by the company .Half yearly EPS is not
annualised
8) Other Long term loan and advances for march 2022 include amount of Rs 1,06,24,234.27 given as loan to Dios Hotels LLP. During
the year management has decided to write off the loan given to Dios Hotel LLP since as per management judgement and
estimation the same is not recoverable. The same has been shown under extraordinary item in Profit and Loss Account for the
current year.
9) During the year Company has paid indirect taxes pertaining to earlier years amounting Rs. 71,16,382.79/- which has been
classified under extra ordinary items in the Profit and Loss Account for the current year.

For Party Cruisers Limited
Date: 20th May, 2023
Place: Mumbai
UDIN : 23103975BGWH106595
Zuzer Lucknowala
Chairman & Managing Director
DIN: 00979509
Place : Mumbai
Date : 20th May, 2023

[p.52]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
Statement of Assets and Liabilities as at March 31, 2023
CIN : L63040MH1994PLC083438
(Rs. In Thousands)
As at
March 31, 2023

Particulars

As at
March 31, 2022

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Shareholders’ funds
(a) Share capital
(b) Reserves and surplus
Non-current liabilities
(a) Long-term Borrowings
(b) Long-term provisions
Current liabilities
(a) Short term Borrowings
(b) Trade Payables
- Micro and Small Enterprise
- Other payable
(c) Other current liabilities
(d) Short-term provisions
TOTAL
ASSETS
Non-current assets
(a) Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible assets
(i)
Tangible Assets

(b) Non-Current Investments
(c) Long-term loans and advances
(d) Deferred tax Asset (Net)

Current assets
(a) Current Investments
(b) Inventories
(c) Trade receivables
(d) Cash and bank balances
(e) Short-term loans and advances
(f) Other current assets
TOTAL

56,000
1,70,787
2,26,787

56,000
1,32,616
1,88,616

3,238
4,327
7,565

0
3,847
3,847

9,145

1,823

0
18,115
31,154
1,610
60,024
2,94,376

0
17,588
8,485
1,452
29,349
2,21,812

72,896
72,896

40,828
40,828

0
74,092
3,526

0
81,025
2,848

1,50,514

1,24,702

23,703
40,275
49,745
2,146
19,711
8,282
1,43,862
2,94,376

22,345
49,617
10,506
4,992
8,891
758
97,110
2,21,812

Summary of Significant accounting polices
The accompanying notes are an intergral part of the financial statements.
As per our attached report of even date
For Ramanand & Associates
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 117776W

CA Ramanand Gupta
Partner
Membership No. 103975
Place : Mumbai
Date : 20th May, 2023
UDIN : 23103975BGWH106595

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Party Cruisers Limited

Zuzer Lucknowala
Chairman & Managing Director
DIN: 00979509
Place : Mumbai
Date : 20th May, 2023

[p.53]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
Statement of Profit and Loss for the period ended March 31, 2023
CIN : L63040MH1994PLC083438

Particulars

Revenue from operations

(Rs. In Thousands)
For the period ended
For the period ended
March 31, 2023
March 31, 2022

3,97,837

1,55,507

Other income

3,201

4,901

Total Income

4,01,038

1,60,408

Cost of Material Consumed

77,417

28,183

Employee benefits expense

44,633

27,709

Expenses:

Finance costs

609

226

Depreciation and amortization expense
Other expenses

14,115
1,97,534

3,971
81,632

Total expenses

3,34,309

1,41,720

Profit before extraordinary items and tax
Extraordinary items

66,729
-17,234

18,689
-203

Profit before tax

49,495

18,485

(1) Current tax

-12,000

-5,000

(2) Deferred tax
(3) Excess /(Short) Provision of Tax for Earlier Years
Profit/(Loss) after Tax for the year

678
0
38,172

-193
0
13,293

6.82

2.37

6.82

2.37

Tax expense:

Earnings per Equity Share - Basic
- Diluted
(Share of Rs. 10 each)

Summary of Significant accounting polices
The accompanying notes are an intergral part of the financial statements.
As per our attached report of even date
For Ramanand & Associates
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 117776W

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Party Cruisers Limited

CA Ramanand Gupta
Partner
Membership No. 103975
Place : Mumbai
Date : 20th May, 2023
UDIN :23103975BGWH106595

Zuzer Lucknowala
Chairman & Managing Director
DIN: 00979509
Place : Mumbai
Date : 20th May, 2023

[p.54]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
Cash Flow Statement for the Year ended March 31, 2023
CIN : L63040MH1994PLC083438
(Rs. In Thousands)

Sr
No.

Particulars
I

CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
Net profit before Taxes & exceptional Items
Depreciation & Amortization
Finance Cost
Other Income
Sundry Balances Written Off (Net)
Unrealised Loss on Investment
Loss on sale of Assets

For the Year ended March
31, 2022

66,729
14,115
609
-2,894
-307
0
19,397
30,920
97,649

18,688
3,971
226
-4,901
0
0
12,448
30,430

Cash generated from operations
Less: Direct taxes (paid) / refund
Net cash from before Extra-ordinary items
Extra-ordinary items
Net Cash from Operating Activities

9,342
-39,240
-10,820
-7,524
527
637
22,669
-24,408
73,242
-12,000
61,242
-17,234
44,007

-27,167
12,370
-1,503
5,519
9,287
375
2,767
1,649
32,079
-5,000
27,079
-203
26,876

CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITES
Purchase of Fixed Assets
Sale of Fixed Assets
Investment in Shares
Long term Loans & Advances
Sale of Investment
Net cash from Investing activities

-46,775
-18,805
-1,358
6,934
0
-60,004

-35,772
-12,448
15,265
4,343
0
-28,611

CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACITIVITIES
Interest Paid
Loan taken
Other Income
Repayment of Loan
Securities Premium
Issue of Shares
Net cash used in Financing Activities

-609
7,322
3,201
3,238
0
0
13,151

-226
-5,203
4,901
-239
0
0
-767

Net Increase In Cash And Cash Equivalents
Cash And Cash Equivalents at the beginning of the year

-2,845
4,992

-2,503
7,494

Cash And Cash Equivalents at the end of the year

2,147

4,991

184
1,962
2,146

2,174
2,817
4,991

Operating Profit before Working capital changes
Adjustments for working Capital Changes
(Increase) / Decrease in Inventories
(Increase) / Decrease in Trade Receivables
(Increase) / Decrease in Loans and Advances
Increase / (Decrease) in Other Current Assets
Increase / (Decrease) in Trade Payables
Increase / (Decrease) in Short Term Provision
Increase / (Decrease) in Current Liabilities

II

For the Year ended
March 31, 2023

III

Components of Cash And Cash Equivalents at the end of the year
Cash in hand
Bank Balances

As per our attached report of even date
For Ramanand & Associates
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 117776W

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Party Cruisers Limited

CA Ramanand Gupta
Partner
Membership No. 103975
Place : Mumbai
Date : 20th May, 2023

Zuzer Lucknowala
Chairman & Managing Director
DIN: 00979509
Place : Mumbai
Date : 20th May, 2023

UDIN : 23103975BGWH106595

[p.55]
ANNEXURE I
Statement on Impact of Audit Qualifications (for audit report with modified opinion)
submitted along-with Annual Audited Financial Results-(Standalone and
Consolidated separately)
Statement on Impact of Audit Qualifications for the Financial Year
ended March 31, 2023
[See Regulation33 /52 of the SEBI(LODR) (Amendment) Regulations, 2016]

I
.

Sr.
No.

Particulars

Audited
Figures
(as reported
before
adjusting for
qualifications)

Adjusted Figures
Adjustment

(audited figures
after adjusting for
qualifications)

0

39,78,37,174

1.

Turnover/ Total income

2.

Total Expenditure

39,78,37,174
33,43,09,398

3.

Net Profit/(Loss)

41,00,000
(41,00,000)

33,84,09,398

4,94,94,519

4.

Earnings Per Share

6.82

0.73

6.09

29,43,75,879
6,75,88,600
22,67,87,279

(41,00,000)

29,02,75,879
6,75,88,600

(41,00,000)

22,26,87,279

5.

Total Assets

6.

Total Liabilities

7.

Net Worth
Any other financial item(s)(as
felt appropriate by the
management)

8.

-

4,53,94,519

-

Audit Qualification (each audit qualification separately):

Basis of Qualified Opinion:
1. The Company’s Current Financial Assets as at 31st March 2023 includes Trade Receivables,
aggregating to Rs. 497.45 Lakhs (31st March 2022 Rs. 105.06 Lakhs). Respectively out of
which in respect of Trade receivable amounting to Rs. 48 Lakhs confirmations/statements
have not been received. Therefore, we were unable to comment on the recoverability of
amount from whom confirmation is not received. Hence, we were unable to ascertain the
financial impact on standalone financial statement.

2. The Company’s Current Financial Liabilities as at 31st March 2023 includes Trade Payables,
aggregating to Rs. 181.15 Lakhs (31st March 2022 Rs. 175.88 Lakhs) respectively in respect
of which confirmations/statements from the respective parties have not been received and
which were outstanding for substantial period of time. Further, whilst, we have been able to
perform alternate procedures with respect to certain balances, in the absence of confirmations/
statements from the respective parties, we are unable to comment upon the adjustments if any,

[p.56]
that are required to the carrying value of aforesaid balances and consequential impact if any
on the accompanying standalone financial results.
3. Trade receivable include amount of Rs. 15.96 Lakhs which were outstanding for substantial
period of time. Management has assessed that; no adjustments are required for carrying value
of aforesaid balances. Consequently, in the absence of sufficient appropriate audit evidence
to support the Management’s contention of recoverability of these balances, we are unable to
comment upon the adjustments if any, that are required to the carrying value of aforesaid
balances and consequential impact if any on the accompanying standalone financial results.

4. The Company loan & advances include amount of Rs. 25.52 Lakhs. which is outstanding for
substantial period of time. The same is shown under the contingent assets of the notes of
account in previous years. We are of the opinion that provision of same is required in the
books of account but as per Management assessments no adjustments are required for
carrying value of aforesaid balances since they are in discussion with party for the settlement
of amount & there for management is of the opinion that no provision is required, therefore
the Company has not made any provision for possible loss on such loans and advances.

b.
c.

Type of Audit Qualification: Qualified opinion
Frequency of qualification: Since FY 2020-21

d.

For Audit Qualification (s) where the impact is quantified by the auditor, Management's Views:
N.A

e.

For Audit Qualification(s) where the impact is not quantified by the auditor:

(i)

Management's estimation on the impact of audit qualification
Auditor of the company has given an Qualified opinion on Trade Receivable due to non
availability of confirmation amounting Rs. 48 Lakhs, Trade Payable due to non availability
of confirmation, Also trade receivable includes amount Rs. 15.96 Lakhs which were
outstanding for substantial period of time and Loans and advances amounting Rs. 25.52
Lakhs which were shown as contingent asset in previous year. In this regard management is
in the opinion that this balances not required any adjustment in the books of account and this
will be settled in due course of business. With respect to confirmation from trade receivable
we would like to inform that major parties are individual and not maintain books of accounts,
Therefore we are unable to get those confirmation.

(ii)

If management is unable to estimate the impact, reasons for the same: N.A

(iii)

Auditor’s comments on (i) or (ii) above:
We have not been provided with the balance confirmation from trade receivable amounting
Rs. 48 Lakhs & Trade Payables, hence we were unable to comment on the same.
subsequently it is observed that contention of management can be relied upon from the
evidence that company is regularly doing business with the some of the Parties whose
balance are payable by the company. It is also observed that some of long outstanding trade
receivables are Settled subsequently.

[p.57]
Signatories:
•

CEO/Managing Director

•

CFO

•

Audit Committee Chairman

•

Statutory Auditor

Place: Mumbai
Date: 20th May, 2023

[p.58]
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
TO THE MEMBERS OF
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
1. We have audited the accompanying standalone financial statements of PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
(“the Company”), which comprises the Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2023, the Statement of Profit and
Loss, the Cash Flow Statement and the Statement of Changes in Equity for the year then ended, and a
summary of the significant accounting policies and other explanatory information.
2. In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the
aforesaid standalone financial statements except for the matters as reported in ‘Qualified Opinion’
paragraph, give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’) in the manner so
required and give a true and fair view in conformity with the accounting principles generally accepted in
India specified under Section 133 of the Act, of the state of affairs (financial position) of the Company as
at March 31, 2023, and its profit (financial performance including other comprehensive income), its cash
flow and the changes in equity for the year ended on that date.

Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under section
143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act). Our responsibilities under those Standards are further
described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Results section of
our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our
audit of the financial results under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules there under,
and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the
Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to
provide a basis for our opinion.

[p.59]
Basis of Qualified Opinion:
1. The Company’s Current Financial Assets as at 31st March 2023 includes Trade Receivables,
aggregating to Rs. 497.45 Lakhs (31st March 2022 Rs. 105.06 Lakhs). Respectively out of which in
respect of Trade receivable amounting to Rs. 48 Lakhs confirmations/statements have not been
received. Therefore, we were unable to comment on the recoverability of amount from whom
confirmation is not received. Hence, we were unable to ascertain the financial impact on standalone
financial statement.
2. The Company’s Current Financial Liabilities as at 31st March 2023 includes Trade Payables,
aggregating to Rs. 181.15 Lakhs (31st March 2022 Rs. 175.88 Lakhs) respectively in respect of which
confirmations/statements from the respective parties have not been received and which were
outstanding for substantial period of time. Further, whilst, we have been able to perform alternate
procedures with respect to certain balances, in the absence of confirmations/ statements from the
respective parties, we are unable to comment upon the adjustments if any, that are required to the
carrying value of aforesaid balances and consequential impact if any on the accompanying standalone
financial results.
3. Trade receivable include amount of Rs. 15.96 Lakhs which were outstanding for substantial period of
time. Management has assessed that; no adjustments are required for carrying value of aforesaid
balances. Consequently, in the absence of sufficient appropriate audit evidence to support the
Management’s contention of recoverability of these balances, we are unable to comment upon the
adjustments if any, that are required to the carrying value of aforesaid balances and consequential
impact if any on the accompanying standalone financial results.
4. The Company loan & advances include amount of Rs. 25.52 Lakhs. which is outstanding for
substantial period of time. The same is shown under the contingent assets of the notes of account in
previous years. We are of the opinion that provision of same is required in the books of account but as
per Management assessments no adjustments are required for carrying value of aforesaid balances
since they are in discussion with party for the settlement of amount & there for management is of the
opinion that no provision is required, therefore the Company has not made any provision for possible
loss on such loans and advances.
Information Other than the Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report Thereon
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information
comprises information included in the Annual Report but does not include the financial statements and
our auditor’s report thereon. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information

[p.60]
and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon. In connection with our audit of the
standalone financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so,
consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the standalone financial statements
or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
information; we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Management’s Responsibilities for the Standalone Financial Results
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated in Section 134(5) of the Act with
respect to the preparation of these standalone financial statements that give a true and fair view of the
state of affairs (financial position), profit or loss, changes in equity and cash flows of the Company in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in India, specified under section 133 of the
Act. This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the
provisions of the Act for safeguarding of the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting
frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making
judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance
of adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and
completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the financial
statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
error.
In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the
going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or to
cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
The Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Results
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the standalone financial results as a
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an
audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the
basis of these standalone financial results.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit.

[p.61]
We also:
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the standalone financial results, whether due to
fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting
from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the
override of internal control.
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that
are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the company’s internal control.
•Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
estimates and related disclosures made by the Board of Directors.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of the Board of Directors’ use of the going concern basis of
accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to
events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going
concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our
auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial results or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to
modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a
going concern.
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the standalone financial results, including the
disclosures, and whether the financial results represent the underlying transactions and events in a
manner that achieves fair presentation.
• We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned
scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in
internal control that we identify during our audit.
•

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with
relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all
relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and
where applicable, related safeguards.

[p.62]
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2016 (“the Order”) issued by the Central
Government in terms of Section 143 (11) of the Act, we give in “Annexure A” a statement on the matters
specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order.

As required by Section 143 (3) of the Act, we report that:

a) We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge
and belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit.

b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept by Company so far as it
appears from our examination of those books.

c) The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and Loss (including other comprehensive income),the Cash
Flow Statement and Statement of Changes in Equity dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the
books of account.

d) In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone financial statements comply with the Indian Accounting
Standards prescribed under section 133 of the Act, read with Rule 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules,
2014.

e) On the basis of written representations received from the directors as on 31st March 2023, none of the
directors are disqualified as on 31st March 2023 from being appointed as a director in terms of section
164(2) of the Act.

f) We have also audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting (IFCoFR) of the Company
as on March 31, 2023, in conjunction with our audit of the standalone financial statements of the
Company for the year ended on that date and our report as per Annexure B expressed an unmodified
opinion;
g) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of
the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 (as amended), in our opinion and to the best of our
information and according to the explanations given to us:

[p.63]
i. The Company has disclosed the impact of pending litigations as of 31st March, 2023 on its financial
position in its standalone financial statements.

ii.The Company did not have any long-term contracts including derivatives contracts for which there were
any material foreseeable losses.

iii. Company has not declared and paid any dividend, so there is no question of transferring amounts to the
Investor Education and Protection Fund by the Company. Therefore, point is not applicable to the
company.
iv. There were no amounts, which were required to be transferred to the Investor Education and
Protection Fund by the Company.

v. The management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, other than as
disclosed in the notes to the accounts, no funds have been advanced or loaned or invested (either
from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the company to or in
any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities ‘Intermediaries’, with the understanding,
whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly
lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the
company ‘Ultimate Beneficiaries’ or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the
Ultimate Beneficiaries:

vi. The management has represented, that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, other than as
disclosed in the notes to the accounts, no funds have been received by the company from any
person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities ‘Funding Parties’, with the understanding, whether
recorded in writing or otherwise, that the company shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or
invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding
Party ‘Ultimate Beneficiaries’ or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate
Beneficiaries; and

vii. Based on our audit procedures, nothing has come to our notice that has caused us to believe that the
representations under sub-clause (v) and (vi) contain any material mis-statements.

[p.64]
For Ramanand & Associates
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Reg. No. 117776W

CA Ramanand G Gupta
Partner
M. No. 103975
Place: Mumbai
Date: 20th May, 2023
UDIN:23103975BGWH106595

[p.65]
ANNEXURE ‘A’ TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
(Referred to in paragraph 2 under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory
Requirements’
Section of our report to the Members of Party cruizer’s Limited of even date)
To the best of our information and according to the explanations provided to us by the
Company and the books of account and records examined by us in the normal course of
audit, we state that:
i.

In respect of the Company’s Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible Assets:
(a)
(A) The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars,
including quantitative details and situation of Property, Plant and Equipment.
(B) The Company does not have any intangible assets.

(b) The Company has a regular program of physical verification of its Property, Plant and
Equipment so to cover all the assets once every two years which, in our opinion, is
reasonable having regard to the size of the Company and the nature of its assets. Pursuant
to the program, certain Property, Plant and Equipment were due for verification during the
year and were physically verified by the Management during the year. According to the
information and explanations given to us, no material discrepancies were noticed on such
verification.
(c) According to the information and explanations given to us, the records examined by us and
based on the examination of the conveyance deeds / registered sale deed provided to us, we
report that, the title deeds, comprising all the immovable properties of land and buildings which
are freehold, are held in the name of the Company as at the balance sheet date. In respect of
immovable properties of land and building that have been taken on lease and disclosed as fixed
assets in the standalone financial statements, the lease agreements are in the name of the
Company.
(d) The Company has not revalued any of its Property, Plant and Equipment (including
right-of-use assets) or intangible assets during the year.
(e) No proceedings have been initiated during the year or are pending against the Company
as at March 31, 2023 for holding any benami property under the Benami Transactions
(Prohibition) Act, 1988 (as amended in 2016) and rules made thereunder.
ii.

(a) The inventories were physically verified during the year by the Management at
reasonable intervals. In our opinion and according to the information and explanations
given to us, the coverage and procedure of such verification by the Management is
appropriate having regard to the size of the Company and the nature of its operations. No
material discrepancies were noticed on such physical verification.
(b) The Company has not been sanctioned working capital limits in excess of INR five crores
in aggregate from banks and/or financial institutions during the year on the basis of
security of current assets of the Company.

[p.66]
iii.

According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our
examination of the records of the Company, the Company has not provided any guarantee
or security or granted any loans or advances in the nature of loans, secured or unsecured to
companies, firms, limited liability partnership or any other parties during the year. The
Company has not made any investments in firms, limited liability partnership or any other
parties. Accordingly, clause 3(iii)(a) to clause 3(iii)(f) of the Companies (Auditor's Report)
Order(CARO) are not applicable to the Company.

iv.

In our opinion and according to the information and explanations provided to us, the
Company has not granted any loans or provided any guarantees or security to the parties
covered under Section 185 of the Companies Act, 2013. The Company has complied with the
provisions of Section 186 of the Act in respect of investments made or loans or guarantee or
security provided to the parties covered under Section 186 of the Act.

v.

The Company has not accepted any deposit or amounts which are deemed to be deposits.
Hence, reporting under clause 3(v) of the Companies (Auditor's Report) Order(CARO) is not
applicable.

vi.

According to the information and explanations given to us, the maintenance of cost records
has not been specified by the Central Government under sub-section (1) of section 148 of
the Companies Act, 2013 for the business activities carried out by the Company. Hence,
reporting under clause (vi) of the Companies (Auditor's Report) Order(CARO) is not
applicable to the Company.

vii.

In respect of statutory dues:
(a) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us and based
on audit procedures performed by us, the Company has generally been regular in depositing
undisputed statutory dues, including Goods and Services tax, Provident Fund, Employees’
State Insurance, Income Tax, Sales Tax, Service Tax, duty of Custom, duty of Excise, Value
Added Tax, Cess and other material statutory dues applicable to it with the appropriate
authorities.
According to the information and explanations given to us and based on audit procedures
performed by us, there were no undisputed amounts payable in respect of Goods and
Service tax, Provident Fund, Employees’ State Insurance, Income Tax, Sales Tax, Service
Tax, duty of Custom, duty of Excise, Value Added Tax, Cess and other material statutory
dues in arrears as at March 31, 2023 for a period of more than six months from the date
they became payable.
(b) According to the information and explanations given to us and based on audit
procedures performed by us, Details of statutory dues referred to in sub-clause (a) above
which have not been deposited as on March 31, 2023 on account of disputes are given
below:

Name of the
Statue
Income Tax

Nature of the
Dues
INCOME TAX 143(3)
Assessment A.Y. 2017-18

Amount

Period for which the Forum where dispute is
amount relates
pending
Rs. 51,14,000/- A.Y. 2017-18
PENDING WITH CIT
APPEALS

[p.67]
viii.

ix.

There were no transactions relating to previously unrecorded income that were
surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the
Income Tax Act, 1961 (43 of 1961).
a. in our opinion, the Company has not defaulted in the repayment of loans or other
borrowings or in the payment of interest thereon to any lender during the year.
b. The Company has not been declared willful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or
government or any government authority.
c. The Company has not taken any term loan during the year and there are no unutilised term
loans at the beginning of the year and hence, reporting under clause (ix)(c) of the Companies
(Auditor's Report) Order(CARO) is not applicable.
d. On an overall examination of the financial statements of the Company, funds raised on shortterm basis has, prima facie, not been used during the year for long-term purposes by the
Company.
e. On an overall examination of the financial statements of the Company, the Company has not
taken any funds from any entity or person on account of or to meet the obligations of its
subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures.
f. The Company has not raised loans during the year on the pledge of securities held in its
subsidiaries, joint ventures or associate companies. Hence, the requirement to report on
clause 3(ix)(f) of the Companies (Auditor's Report) Order(CARO) is not applicable to the
Company.

x.

a. The Company has not raised any money during the year by way of initial public offer /
further public offer (including debt instruments) hence, the requirement to report on clause
3(x)(a) of the Companies (Auditor's Report) Order(CARO) is not applicable to the Company.
b. The Company has not made any preferential allotment or private placement of
shares/fully or partially or optionally convertible debentures during the year under audit
and hence, the requirement to report on clause 3(x)(b) of the Companies (Auditor's Report)
Order(CARO) is not applicable to the Company.

xi.

a. To the best of our knowledge, no fraud by the Company and no material fraud on the
Company has been noticed or reported during the year.
b. To the best of our knowledge, no report under sub-section (12) of section 143 of the
Companies Act has been filed in Form ADT-4 as prescribed under rule 13 of Companies
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 with the Central Government, during the year and upto
the date of this report.
c. As represented to us by the Management, there were no whistle blower complaints
received by the Company during the year and up to the date of this report.

xii.

The Company is not a Nidhi Company and hence reporting under clause (xii) of the
Companies (Auditor's Report) Order(CARO) is not applicable.

[p.68]
xiii.

In our opinion, the Company is in compliance with Section 177 and 188 of the Companies
Act, where applicable, for all transactions with the related parties and the details of related
party transactions have been disclosed in the financial statements etc. as required by the
applicable accounting standards.

xiv.

(a) In our opinion the Company has an adequate internal audit system commensurate with
the size and the nature of its business.
(b) The internal audit reports of the Company issued till the date of the audit report, for the
period under audit have been considered by us.

xv.

According to the information and explanations given to us and based on our examination of
the records, the Company has not entered into any non-cash transactions with its directors
or persons connected with its directors. and hence provisions of section 192 of the
Companies Act, 2013 are not applicable to the Company.

xvi.

(a) & (b) In our opinion, the Company is not required to be registered under section 45-IA of
the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. Hence, reporting under clause 3(xvi)(a) and (b) of the
Companies (Auditor's Report) Order(CARO) is not applicable.
(c)& (d) The Company is not a Core Investment Company (CIC) as defined in the regulations
made by the Reserve Bank of India. Accordingly, clause 3(xvi) and clause 3(xvi) of the
Companies (Auditor's Report) Order(CARO) is not applicable.

xvii.

The Company has not incurred cash losses during the financial year covered by our audit
and the immediately preceding financial year.

xviii.

There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors of the Company during the year.

xix.

On the basis of the financial ratios, ageing and expected dates of realization of financial
assets and payment of financial liabilities, other information accompanying the financial
statements and our knowledge of the Board of Directors and Management plans and based
on our examination of the evidence supporting the assumptions, nothing has come to our
attention, which causes us to believe that any material uncertainty exists as on the date of
the audit report indicating that Company is not capable of meeting its liabilities existing at
the date of balance sheet as and when they fall due within a period of one year from the
balance sheet date. We, however, state that this is not an assurance as to the future viability
of the Company. We further state that our reporting is based on the facts up to the date of
the audit report and we neither give any guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities
falling due within a period of one year from the balance sheet date, will get discharged by
the Company as and when they fall due.

xx.

Company is not required to comply with the CSR provision as per section 135(5) of the
Companies Act 2013. Accordingly, paragraph 3(xx) of the Companies (Auditor's Report)
Order(CARO) is not applicable.

xxi.

Company is not required to prepare consolidated financial statements as per Companies Act
2013. Accordingly, paragraph 3(xxi) of the Companies (Auditor's Report) Order(CARO) is
not applicable.

[p.69]
For Ramanand & Associates
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Reg. No. 117776W

CA Ramanand G Gupta
Partner
M. No. 103975
Place: Mumbai
Date: 20th May, 2023
UDIN:23103975BGWH106595

[p.70]
Annexure “B” to the Independent Auditor’s Report
[Referred to in Para 12(f) ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ in our Independent
Auditor’s Report of even date to the members of PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED on the financial
statement for the year ended 31st March 2023]

Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the
Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”)

We have audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting of PARTY CRUISERS
LIMITED. (“The Company”) as of March 31, 2023 in conjunction with our audit of the standalone
financial statements of the Company for the year ended on that date
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls
based on the internal control over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the
essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial
Controls over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI).
These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial
controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business,
including adherence to company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of
frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of
reliable financial information, as required under the Companies Act, 2013.
Auditors’ Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal financial controls over financial
reporting based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of
Internal Financial Controls over Financial reporting (the “Guidance Note”) and the Standards on
Auditing, issued by the ICAI and deemed to be prescribed under section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent
applicable to an audit of internal financial controls, both applicable to an audit of internal financial
controls and, both issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Those Standards and the
Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirement and plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls over financial reporting
established and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material respects.

[p.71]
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal
financial controls system over financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal
financial controls over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal financial
controls over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and
evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of the internal controls based on the assessed risk. The
procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material
misstatement of the Standalone Financial Statements, whether due to fraud or error.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
our audit opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls over financial reporting’s.

Meaning of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting
A company's internal financial control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A
company's internal financial control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being
made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3)
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use,
or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Inherent Limitation of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting
Because of the inherent limitation of Internal financial controls over financial reporting , including the
possibility of collision or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error
or fraud may occur and not be detected . Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial
controls over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial
controls over financial reporting may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the
degree of compliance with the policies or procedure may deteriorate.

[p.72]
Opinion
In our opinion, the Company has, in all material respects, an adequate internal financial controls system
over financial reporting and such internal controls over financial reporting were effective as at March
31,2023, based on the internal control over financial reporting criteria established by the Company
considering the essentials components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of
Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting issued by “ the Institute of Chartered Accountants
of India”.

For Ramanand & Associates
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Reg. No. 117776W

CA Ramanand .G. Gupta
Partner
M. No. 103975
Place: Mumbai
Date: 20th May, 2023
UDIN: 23103975BGWH106595

[p.73]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
MARCH 31, 2023

[p.74]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
Statement of Assets and Liabilities as at March 31, 2023
CIN : L63040MH1994PLC083438

(Rs. In Thousands)
As at
March 31, 2023

Particulars

As at
March 31, 2022

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Shareholders’ funds
(a) Share capital
(b) Reserves and surplus

56,000

56,000

1,70,787

1,32,616

2,26,787

1,88,616

Non-current liabilities
(a) Long-term Borrowings

3,238

0

(b) Long-term provisions

4,327

3,847

7,565

3,847

9,145

1,823

Current liabilities
(a) Short term Borrowings
(b) Trade Payables
- Micro and Small Enterprise

0

0

- Other payable

18,115

17,588

(c) Other current liabilities

31,154

8,485

(d) Short-term provisions

1,610

1,452

60,024

29,349

2,94,376

2,21,812

72,896

40,828

72,896

40,828

TOTAL
ASSETS
Non-current assets
(a) Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible assets
(i)

Tangible Assets

(b) Non-Current Investments

0

0

(c) Long-term loans and advances

74,092

81,025

(d) Deferred tax Asset (Net)

3,526

2,848

1,50,514

1,24,702

Current assets
(a) Current Investments

23,703

22,345

(b) Inventories

40,275

49,617

(c) Trade receivables

49,745

10,506

(d) Cash and bank balances

2,146

4,992

(e) Short-term loans and advances

19,711

8,891

(f) Other current assets

8,282

758

1,43,862

97,110

2,94,376

2,21,812

TOTAL

Summary of Significant accounting polices
The accompanying notes are an intergral part of the financial statements.
As per our attached report of even date
For Ramanand & Associates
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 117776W

CA Ramanand Gupta
Partner
Membership No. 103975
Place : Mumbai
Date : 20th May, 2023
UDIN : 23103975BGWH106595

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Party Cruisers Limited

Zuzer Lucknowala
Chairman & Managing Director
DIN: 00979509
Place : Mumbai
Date : 20th May, 2023

[p.75]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
Statement of Profit and Loss for the period ended March 31, 2023
CIN : L63040MH1994PLC083438

Particulars

(Rs. In Thousands)
For the period ended March
For the period ended March
31, 2023
31, 2022

Revenue from operations

3,97,837

1,55,507

Other income

3,201

4,901

Total Income

4,01,038

1,60,408

Cost of Material Consumed

77,417

28,183

Employee benefits expense

44,633

27,709

Expenses:

Finance costs
Depreciation and amortization expense

609

226

14,115

3,971

Other expenses

1,97,534

81,632

Total expenses

3,34,309

1,41,720

Profit before extraordinary items and tax

66,729

18,689

Extraordinary items

-17,234

-203

Profit before tax

49,495

18,485

(1) Current tax

-12,000

-5,000

(2) Deferred tax

678

-193

Tax expense:

(3) Excess /(Short) Provision of Tax for Earlier Years

0

0

Profit/(Loss) after Tax for the year

38,172

13,293

Earnings per Equity Share - Basic

6.82

2.37

6.82

2.37

- Diluted
(Share of Rs. 10 each)

Summary of Significant accounting polices
The accompanying notes are an intergral part of the financial statements.
As per our attached report of even date
For Ramanand & Associates
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 117776W

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Party Cruisers Limited

CA Ramanand Gupta
Partner
Membership No. 103975
Place : Mumbai
Date : 20th May, 2023
UDIN : 23103975BGWH106595

Zuzer Lucknowala
Chairman & Managing Director
DIN: 00979509
Place : Mumbai
Date : 20th May, 2023

[p.76]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements for the period ended March 31, 2023
CIN : L63040MH1994PLC083438
1 Background and Principal Activities
Party Cruisers Limited (‘the Company’) was incorporated on 2nd December, 1994 as a public limited company under the
Companies Act, 1956 registered with the Registrar of Companies Maharashtra.
The Company is engaged in the business of event management.
2 Significant Accounting Policies
a) Basis of preparation of financial statements
The financial statements have been prepared to comply in all material respects in accordance with the Accounting Standards
prescribed under section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 ("The Act") read with Rule 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014.
The financial statements have been prepared and presented under the historical cost convention on an accrual basis of
accounting. The Accounting Policies not referred to specifically are consistent with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and
Accounting Standards. Accounting Policies adopted in the preparation of these financial statements are consistent with those
applied in the previous year.
b) Use of Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of
contingent liabilities on the date of financial statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Any revision to
accounting estimates is recognized prospectively in current and future periods.
All assets and liabilities have been classified as current or non current as per the company's normal operating cycle and other
criteria set out in the Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013. Based on the nature of services provided by the company and their
realisation in cash and cash equivalents, the company has determined its operating cycle as twelve months for the purposed of
current and non-current classification of assets and liabilities.
c) Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalent for the purpose of cash flow statement comprise cash in hand and at bank in current and foreign
currency accounts. Term deposits having maturities of three months or less are classified as cash equivalent.
d) Cash Flow
The cash flow statement is prepared by the "Indirect Method" set out in AS 3 on "Cash Flow Statements" and presents the cash
flows by operating, investing and financing activities of the company. Cash and cash equivalents presented in the cash flow
statement consist of cash on hand and unencumbered, highly liquid bank balances.
e) Property, Plant & Equipments
Property, Plant & Equipments are carried at cost of acquisition including any attributable cost for bringing the asset to its working
condition for its intended use and the initial estimate of the costs of decommissioning, restoration and similar liabilities, less
accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses.
Estimated costs of decommissioning, restoration and similar liabilities are discounted to its present value taking pre-tax rates that
reflect(s) current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability as a basis for discounting.
Depreciation (including additions/deletions) on tangible assets is calculated on a pro - rata basis from the date of such
additions/deletions on Written Down Value method based on rates derived from useful life of assets and in the manner
prescribed in Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013.

f) Impairment
The carrying amounts of assets are reviewed at each Balance Sheet date for any indication of impairment based on
internal/external factor. An impairment loss is recognized whenever the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated
recoverable amount.
g) Revenue Recognition
Revenue is recognized to the extent that it is probable that the economic benefit will flow to the company, there is reasonable
certainty of collection and it can be reliable estimated.
Income from event management is recognized on the basis of services rendered. In all other cases, revenue is recognized when
no significant uncertainty as to its determination or realization exists.

[p.77]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements for the period ended March 31, 2023
CIN : L63040MH1994PLC083438
h) Foreign currency transactions
Transactions in foreign currency are recorded at the original rates of exchange in force at the time the transactions are effected.
At the year end, monetary items denominated in foreign currency are reported using the closing rates of exchange. Exchange
differences arising thereon and on realization/payment of foreign exchange are accounted in the relevant year as income or
expense.
i) Investments
Investments that are readily realizable and intended to be held for not more than a year from the date of acquisition are
classified as current investments. All other investments are classified as long-term investments. However, that part of long term
investments which are expected to be realized within twelve months from Balance Sheet date is also considered as Current
Investments. Current investments are carried at lower of cost or fair value. Long-term investments are carried at cost. However,
provision for diminution in value is made to recognize a decline other than temporary in the value of the investments.

j) Employee benefits
Short Term Employee Benefits
All short term employee benefits are recognized as an expense in the statement of profit and loss of the year in which the
related services are rendered.
Long Term and other Employee Benefits
Long Term and other Employee Benefits are recognized as an expense in the Statement of Profit and Loss for the year in which
services have been rendered. Such expenses are estimated based on the actuarial valuation, using the Projected Unit Credit
method, as prescribed by the revised AS 15 on ‘Employee Benefits’ prescribed under section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013
("The Act") read with Rule 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014.
k) Segment Reporting Policies
As the company’s principal business activities fall within the single segment viz Event Management, the disclosure requirement of
Accounting Standard 17 on “Segment Reporting” prescribed under section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 ("The Act") read with
Rule 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 is not applicable.
l) Accounting for Leases
Where the Company is lessee:
Leases where the lessor effectively retains substantially all the risks and benefits of ownership of the leased item, are classified as
operating leases. Operating lease payments are recognized as an expense in the statement of profit and loss on a straight-line
basis over the lease term.
m) Earnings Per Share
Basic and diluted earnings per share are computed in accordance with Accounting Standard-20 – Earnings per share. Basic
earnings per share is calculated by dividing the net profit or loss after tax for the year attributable to equity shareholders by the
weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year. Diluted earnings per share reflect the potential dilution
that could occur if contracts to issue equity shares were exercised or converted during the year. Diluted earnings per equity share
is computed using the weighted average number of equity shares and dilutive potential equity shares outstanding during the
year, except where the results are anti-dilutive.
n) Taxes on income
Provision for Current Taxation is based on the taxable profits of the Company computed in accordance with the provisions of the
Income Tax Act, 1961. Current tax assets and current tax liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off
the recognized amounts and there is an intention to settle the asset and the liability on a net basis.
Deferred Tax is recognized, on timing differences, being the difference between the taxable income and the accounting income
that originate in one period and are capable of reversal in one or more subsequent periods.

o) Contingent liabilities
Provision is recognized in the balance sheet when the Company has a present obligation as a result of a past event, and it is
probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and reliable estimation can be made of
the amount required to settle the obligation.
Contingent liabilities, if any are disclosed separately by way of notes to accounts.

[p.78]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
Cash Flow Statement for the Year ended March 31, 2023
CIN : L63040MH1994PLC083438
(Rs. In Thousands)

Sr
No.
I

Particulars
CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
Net profit before Taxes & exceptional Items
Depreciation & Amortization
Finance Cost
Other Income
Sundry Balances Written Off (Net)
Unrealised Loss on Investment
Loss on sale of Assets

18,688
3,971
226
-4,901
0
0
12,448
30,430

Cash generated from operations
Less: Direct taxes (paid) / refund
Net cash from before Extra-ordinary items
Extra-ordinary items
Net Cash from Operating Activities

9,342
-39,240
-10,820
-7,524
527
637
22,669
-24,408
73,242
-12,000
61,242
-17,234
44,007

-27,167
12,370
-1,503
5,519
9,287
375
2,767
1,649
32,079
-5,000
27,079
-203
26,876

CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITES
Purchase of Fixed Assets
Sale of Fixed Assets
Investment in Shares
Long term Loans & Advances
Sale of Investment
Net cash from Investing activities

-46,775
-18,805
-1,358
6,934
0
-60,004

-35,772
-12,448
15,265
4,343
0
-28,611

CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACITIVITIES
Interest Paid
Loan taken
Other Income
Repayment of Loan
Securities Premium
Issue of Shares
Net cash used in Financing Activities

-609
7,322
3,201
3,238
0
0
13,151

-226
-5,203
4,901
-239
0
0
-767

Net Increase In Cash And Cash Equivalents
Cash And Cash Equivalents at the beginning of the year

-2,845
4,992

-2,503
7,494

Cash And Cash Equivalents at the end of the year

2,147

4,991

184
1,962
2,146

2,174
2,817
4,991

Adjustments for working Capital Changes
(Increase) / Decrease in Inventories
(Increase) / Decrease in Trade Receivables
(Increase) / Decrease in Loans and Advances
Increase / (Decrease) in Other Current Assets
Increase / (Decrease) in Trade Payables
Increase / (Decrease) in Short Term Provision
Increase / (Decrease) in Current Liabilities

III

For the Year ended March
31, 2022

66,729
14,115
609
-2,894
-307
0
19,397
30,920
97,649

Operating Profit before Working capital changes

II

For the Year ended
March 31, 2023

Components of Cash And Cash Equivalents at the end of the year
Cash in hand
Bank Balances

As per our attached report of even date
For Ramanand & Associates
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 117776W

CA Ramanand Gupta
Partner
Membership No. 103975
Place : Mumbai
Date : 20th May, 2023
UDIN :
23103975BGWH106595

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Party Cruisers Limited

Zuzer Lucknowala
Chairman & Managing Director
DIN: 00979509
Place : Mumbai
Date : 20th May, 2023

[p.79]
[T y p e h e r e ]

[T y p e h e r e]

[T y p e h e r e]

PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements for the period ended March 31, 2023
CIN : L63040MH1994PLC083438

3

SHARE CAPITAL
As at March 31,
2023

Particulars

Authorised
75,00,000 Equity Shares of INR 10/- each
(Previous Year: 75,00,000 Equity Shares of INR 10/- each)

(Rs. In Thousands)
As at March 31,
2022

7,50,00,000

7,50,00,000

7,50,00,000

7,50,00,000

EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL
56,00,000 Equity Shares of INR 10/- each fully paid
( Previous Year: 56,00,000 Equity Shares of INR 10/- each fully paid)

5,60,00,000

5,60,00,000

Total

5,60,00,000

5,60,00,000

Issued, Subscribed & Paid up

A) Reconciliation of the number of shares
Particulars
Shares outstanding at the beginning of the year
Shares Issued during the year
Shares bought back during the year
Shares outstanding at the end of the year

As at March 31, 2023
No. of Equity
Shares of INR 10 Amount in INR
each
56,00,000
5,60,00,000
56,00,000
5,60,00,000

As at March 31, 2022
No. of Equity
Shares of INR 10
Amount in INR
each
56,00,000
5,60,00,000
56,00,000
5,60,00,000

B)

Terms/ Rights attached to Equity Shares
The company has only one class of equity shares of INR 10/- each. Each holder of the equity share is entitled to one vote per
share. In the event of liquidation, the holder of the Equity shares will be entitled to receive remaining assets of the company,
after distribution to all preferential amounts. The distribution will be in proportion to the number of equity shares held by the
shareholders

C)

Interest/ Rights attached to Shareholders
The rights of the holders of any class of shares, for the time being forming part of the capital of the Company may be modified,
affected, varied, extended or surrendered either with the consent in writing of the holders of three-fourths of the issued shares
of the class or with the sanction of a Special Resolution passed at a separate meeting of the holders of those shares. The shares in
the capital of the Company shall be under the control of the Directors who may allot or otherwise dispose of the same or any of
them to such persons (whether already members or not) in such proportion and on such terms and conditions and either at
premium or at par or at a discount against payment in cash or kind and at such time as they may from time to time think fit and
proper.

D) The details of shareholder holding more than 5% shares is set out below:
As at March 31, 2023
Name of Shareholder

Mr. Zuzer H. Lucknowala
Mrs. Rachana Z. Lucknowala
TOTAL

No. of Equity
Shares
19,31,607
19,15,893
38,47,500

As at March 31, 2022

% of Holding
34.49%
34.21%
68.71%

No. of Equity
Shares
19,31,607
19,15,893
38,47,500

% of Holding
34.49%
34.21%
68.71%

[p.80]
[T y p e h e r e ]

[T y p e h e r e]

D.i) Share Holding of Promoters
Share Held by Promoters as at March 31,2023
Promoter Name
Mr. Zuzer H. Lucknowala
Mrs. Rachana Z. Lucknowala

No of Share

19,31,607
19,15,893

[T y p e h e r e]

% of Total Share % Change during the year ended
March 31,2023
34.49%

-

34.21%

-

D.ii) Share Held by Promoters as at March 31,2022
Promoter Name

No of Share

Mr. Zuzer H. Lucknowala

19,31,607

% of Total Share % Change during the year ended
March 31,2022
34.49%

Mrs. Rachana Z. Lucknowala

19,15,893

34.21%

[p.81]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements for the period ended March 31, 2023
CIN : L63040MH1994PLC083438

4

RESERVES & SURPLUS
Particulars

5

(Amount in "000")
As at March 31,
2022

As at March 31,
2023

a. Securities Premium Account
Balance at the beginning of the year
Add: Additions during the year
Balance at the end of the year

66,045
0
66,045

66,045

b. Surplus in Statement of Profit and Loss
Balance at the beginning of the year
Add : Profit for the year

66,570
38,172

53,279
13,293

66,045

Less: Branch & Division Balance w/f
Balance at the end of the year

0

0

1,04,742

66,571

Total

1,70,787

1,32,616

LONG TERM BORROWINGS
As at March 31,
2023

Particulars

Secured Loan
- Loan From Bank (Vehicle Loan)*

3,238

(Amount in "000")
As at March 31,
2022

-

Total
3,238
*Note: Term Loans has taken from Banks is for the purpose of financing the purchase of Vehicles, which are used for the business
purpose of the company. The details of these as follows:

Name of Bank
HDFC Bank
HDFC Bank

Rate of Interest

Vehicle

8.49%
8.40%

MG
New Thar

Outstanding
balance
1,771
1,467
3,238

6

LONG TERM PROVISIONS
Particulars

Provision For Gratuity
(Refer Note 10 & 26(d))
Total

As at March 31,
2023

(Amount in "000")
As at March 31,
2022

4,327

3,847

4,327

3,847

[p.82]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements for the period ended March 31, 2023
CIN : L63040MH1994PLC083438

7

SHORT TERM BORROWINGS
Particulars

Secured Loan
- Loan From Bank (Vehicle Loan)
- Bank Overdraft (HDFC Bank )
Unsecured Loan
- Loan From Directors
Total

8

0
8,993

0
0

152

1,823

9,145

1,823

As at March 31,
2023

(Amount in "000")
As at March 31,
2022

TRADE PAYABLES
Particulars

Amount due to Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises {Refer Note 24(c)}
For Goods
For Expenses
Amount due to other than Micro and Small Enterprises
For Goods
For Expenses
Total

9

(Amount in "000")
As at March 31,
2022

As at March 31,
2023

0
0

0
0

0
18,115

0
17,588

18,115

17,588

As at March 31,
2023

(Amount in "000")
As at March 31,
2022

OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES
Particulars

Statutory dues payable
Outstanding expenses
Advance received from Customer
Audit Fees Payable
Provision for Income Tax
Employee Stock option reserve

13,216
4,350
1,607
150
11,696
135

-136
3,324
147
150
5,000

Total

31,154

8,485

As at March 31,
2023

(Amount in "000")
As at March 31,
2022

10 SHORT TERM PROVISIONS
Particulars

Provision For Gratuity
(Refer Note 9 & 24(d))
Total

1,610

1,452

1,610

1,452

[p.83]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements for the period ended March 31, 2023
CIN : L63040MH1994PLC083438

12 LONG TERM LOANS & ADVANCES
(Amount in "000")
As at March 31,
2022

As at March 31,
2023

Particulars

Security Deposits (Hotel and Rent Deposits)
Unsecured
Other Long term loans and Advances

70,526
3,566

69,184
11,841

Total

74,092

81,025

Type of Borrower

Amount of loan or advance in the
nature of loan outstanding

Related Parties

Percentage to the total Loans and
Advances in the nature of loans

-

0%

13 DEFERRED TAX (ASSET)/LIABILITY (NET)
Particulars

DEFERRED TAX ASSETS
Expenditure Disallowed under the Income Tax Act, 1961

(Amount in "000")
As at March 31,
2022

As at March 31,
2023

0
3,526

0
2,848

3,526

2,848

DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES
Difference between book depreciation & depreciation under the Income Tax Act,
1961

0

0

Total Deferred Tax Liability

0

0

3,526

2,848

Difference between book depreciation and depreciation under the Income Tax Act,
1961
Total Deferred Tax Assets

Deferred Tax Asset/(Liability )-(Net)

[p.84]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements for the period ended March 31, 2023
CIN : L63040MH1994PLC083438

14 Current Investment
A) Investment In Shares
Particulars
Cost of Investment
Less : Unrealised Gain/( Loss) on Investment
Total

No of Shares

As at March 31,
2023
10,384
-1,821
8,563

B) Other Investment
Particulars

As at March 31,
2023

(Amount in "000")
As at March 31,
2022
10,637
-2,435
8,202
(Amount in "000")
As at March 31,
2022

Other Investment

15,140

14,143

Total

15,140

14,143

Total (A+B)

23,703

22,345

15 INVENTORIES
Particulars

As at March 31,
2023

(Amount in "000")
As at March 31,
2022

Consumables

40,275

49,617

Total

40,275

49,617

As at March 31,
2023

(Amount in "000")
As at March 31,
2022

48,149

8,910

1,596

1,596

49,745

10,506

16 TRADE RECEIVABLES
Particulars
Trade receivables outstanding for a period less than six months
Unsecured, considered good
Trade receivables outstanding for a period exceeding six months
Unsecured, considered good
Unsecured, considered doubtful
Less : Provison for doubtful debts

Total

[p.85]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements for the period ended March 31, 2023
CIN : L63040MH1994PLC083438

17 CASH AND BANK BALANCES
As at March 31,
2023

(Amount in "000")
As at March 31,
2022

I. Cash and Bank Balances
a. Balances with banks
In Current account
b. Cash on hand

1,962
184

2,817
2,174

Total

2,146

4,991

As at March 31,
2023

(Amount in "000")
As at March 31,
2022

Particulars

18 SHORT-TERM LOANS AND ADVANCES
Particulars
Unsecured, considered good
Prepaid Expenses
Advances recoverable in cash or in kind
Balance with government authorities
GST Credit
Other Loans and advances

26
0
19,685
0
0

11
0
8,881
0
0

19,711

8,891

As at March 31,
2023

(Amount in "000")
As at March 31,
2022

Advances to Vendors
Acrrued FD Interest

8,106
176

709
49

Total

8,282

758

For the period
ended March 31,
2023

For the period
ended March 31,
2022

51,440
2,29,218
9,490
0

1,500
84,902
0
0

44,664
63,025
0

57,357
11,748
0

3,97,837

1,55,507

Total

19 OTHER CURRENT ASSETS
Particulars

20

Revenue from Operations
Particulars

Sale of Services
Consulting Fees
Event Decor Services
Export of services
Royality Sales
Sale of Products
Florist Sales
Scrap Sales
Livespace Sales
Total

[p.86]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements for the period ended March 31, 2023
CIN : L63040MH1994PLC083438

21

OTHER INCOME
For the period
ended March 31,
2023

Particulars

(Amount in "000")
For the period
ended March 31,
2022

Discount Income
Capital Gain
Dividend Income
FD Interest
Miscellaneuos Income
Profit on Sale of Fixed Assets

96
978
99
694
1,026
307

960
2,837
0

Total

3,201

4,901

For the period
ended March 31,
2023

(Amount in "000")
For the period
ended March 31,
2022

49,617
68,075
1,17,692
40,275

22,450
55,350
77,800
49,617

77,417

28,183

For the period
ended March 31,
2023

(Amount in "000")
For the period
ended March 31,
2022

770
334

22 Cost of Material Consumed

Particulars

Opening Stock
Add: Purchases
Sub Total
Less: Closing Stock
Total

23 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES

Particulars

Personnel Costs
Staff Welfare Expenses
Incentive Promotion
Gratuity Expenses
Esop Expenses
Director's Remuneration

27,728
25
116
637
135
15,992

20,494
0
0
375

Total

44,633

27,709

For the period
ended March 31,
2023

(Amount in "000")
For the period
ended March 31,
2022

Bank Charges
Bank Guarantee Charges
Interest Expenses
Interest On Vehicle Loan

192
0
292
125

39
0
177
10

Total

609

226

6,840

24 FINANCE COST

Particulars

[p.87]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements for the period ended March 31, 2023
CIN : L63040MH1994PLC083438

25 OTHER EXPENSES

Particulars

Accomodation & Travelling Expenses
Audit Fees
Car Expenses
Commission Expenes
Communication Expenses
Conveyance Expenses
Donation
Electricity & Fuel Charges
Event Expenses
Foreign Exchange Loss (Net)
General Expenses
Godown Expenses
Hiring Charges
Insurance Expenses
Interest on Statutory Dues
IPO Expenses
Labour Charges
Legal & Professional Fees
License Fees
Membership and Subscription
Miscellaneuos Expenses
Office Expenses
Other Expenses
Postage & CourierCharges
Printing & Stationery
Property Tax
Rent, Rates and Taxes
Repairs & Maintenance
Sales and Marketing expenses
Transportation Expenses
Website Hosting Expenses
Total

For the period
ended March 31,
2023

(Amount in "000")
For the period
ended March 31,
2022

5,131
300
404
27,649
271
6,672
24
1,603
14,803
0
320
357
80,039
388
69
613
19,397
4,324
629
595
649
104
3,298
16
10,034
419
8,299
884
3,090
7,129
25
1,97,534

1,302
300
253
18,264
172
6,056
21
1,181
9,261
22
729
387
7,131
569
405
43
12,448
1,969
99
175
1,067
190
432
10
3,228
419
9,240
686
2,235
3,332
13
81,636

[p.88]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements for the period ended March 31, 2023
CIN : L63040MH1994PLC083438
11

Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible assets
PARTICULARS

Useful Life

GROSS BLOCK
ADDITION
DELETION

As At
31.03.2021

AS AT
31.03.2022

DEPRECIATION
DELETION
Yearly
FOR SALE

Upto
31.03.2021

(Amount in "000")
NET BLOCK
AS AT
AS AT
31-03-2022
31-03-2021

Upto
31.03.2022

TANGIBLE ASSETS:
Equipments

15 Years

37,768

14,339

0

52,107

7,797

6,480

0

14,277

37,830

Computer

3 Years

2,143

180

0

2,323

2,002

110

0

2,112

211

29,971
0
142

Vehicles

8 Years

12,071

4,253

4,521

11,804

9,841

1,182

3,928

7,096

4,708

2,230

Plant & Machinery

15 Years

0

192

0

192

0

12

0

12

180

0

Furniture & Fixtures

10 Years

12,447

27,811

0

40,257

3,961

6,330

0

10,291

29,966

8,486

64,429

46,775

4,521

1,06,683

23,600

14,115

3,928

33,787

72,896

40,828

TOTAL

[p.89]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED

Notes to Financial Statements for the period ended March 31, 2023
CIN : L63040MH1994PLC083438
26 NOTES FORMING PART OF ACCOUNTS
a) Contingent Liabilities & Capital and Other Commitments
There are no Capital & other commitments & Contingent Liabilities as on 31th MARCH, 2023 is Rs 2,05,89,309/- which pertains to GST show cause notice cum demand
order for the F.Y. 2019-20. Amount of 25,71,000 pertaining to one of the debtor has not been qualified in Auditor's report.
(Previous year: 2,31,60,309/-)
b) Supplementary Profit and Loss Information:
(Amount in "000")

i) Auditor’s Remuneration (Excluding Taxes):

For the period ended For the period ended March 31,
March
31,
2022
2023
300
300
300
300

Particulars

Statutory Audit Fees
Tax Audit Fees

(Amount in "000")

ii) Managerial Remuneration :
Particulars
Salary & Other Allowances

For the period ended
For the period ended March 31,
March31, 2023
2022
1,59,91,935
68,40,000

Directors are covered under the Company’s Gratuity scheme along with the other employees of the company. The specific amount of gratuity for the directors cannot
be ascertained separately and accordingly the same has not been included in the above.
(Amount in "000")

iii) Expenditure in foreign currency:
Particulars
Training Fees

For the period ended
March31, 2023
-

For the period ended March 31,
2022
4,226

c) Dues to Micro and Small Enterprises :
There are no dues to Micro and Small enterprises as required to be disclosed under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006.
d) Employee Benefits :
i) Defined Benefit Plan
The Company does not have any post employment or other long term employee benefits other than non funded gratuity benefit. The Company has an unfunded
gratuity liability amounting to INR 59,36,562 as on the reporting date, on basis of the actuarial valuation done for 31st March, 2023. Amount recognized as expenses in
the financial statements of the current year is INR 6,37,475.
The Principal assumptions made for determining Defined Benefit Obligations for estimating Gratuity are as:
Particulars
Increment Rate
Discounting Rate
Attrition Rate
ii)

Actuarial gains/losses are immediately taken to Statement of profit and loss during the year.

For the period ended
March31, 2023
4.00%
7.40%
5.00%

For the period ended March 31,
2022
4.00%
7.40%
5.00%

[p.90]
PARTY CRUISERS LIMITED

Notes to Financial Statements for the period ended
March 31, 2023CIN : L63040MH1994PLC083438
e) Related Party Disclosure :
Related Party Disclosure as required by Accounting Standard 18 of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India is as follows:
i) Related Parties & Relationship (with whom transactions have taken place):
Key Managerial Personnel (Directors) & their Relatives
Mrs. Rachana Lucknowala
Director
Mr. Armaan Lucknowala
Director
Managing Director
Mr. Zuzer Lucknowala
Chairman
Mr. Firoz Lucknowala
Director
Note: The information disclosed is based on the names of the parties as identified by the management.
ii) Details of transaction with above parties:
(Amount in "000")

Sr.
Nature of Transaction
No.
1

Director’s Remuneration
- Mrs. Rachana Lucknowala
- Mr. Armaan Lucknowala
- Mr. Zuzer Lucknowala
- Mr. Firoz Lucknowala
-Mr. Tasneem Lucknowala

2

Rent paid
- Mrs. Rachana Lucknowala
- Mr. Zuzer Lucknowala
-Zuzer Lucknowala Trust

Associate
Company / Group
Company

Ultimate
Holding
Company

(-)
(-)
(-)
(-)
(-)

(-)
(-)
(-)
(-)
(-)

6,000
(3,000)
3,000
(840)
6,000
(3,000)
617
375
-

6,000
(3,000)
3,000
(840)
6,000
(3,000)
617

(-)
(-)
(-)

(-)
(-)
(-)

1,920
(1,920)
1,920
(1,920)
1,980
-

1,920
(1,920)
1,920
(1,920)

Key Managerial Personnel &
Relatives

Total

-

1
,
9
8
0
-

3

4

Advance given for Training Fees
- Mr. Armaan Lucknowala (New York Film Academy)

-Ms. Rachana Lucknowala

-

-

-

(-)
(-)

12,044
(2,538)
111
-

12,044
(2,538)
111
-

-

(-)

10,484
(2,000)

10,484
(2,000)

-

(-)

(500)

Loan Taken
- Mr. Zuzer Lucknowala

6

(-)

Loan Repaid
- Mr. Zuzer Lucknowala

5

(-)

Loan Repaid
- Ms. Rachana Lucknowala

(
5
0
0
)

7

Loan Taken
- Ms. Rachana Lucknowala

-

(-)

(611)

(
6
1
1
)

[p.91]
(Figures in bracket pertains to March 31, 2022)
f) Operating Leases :
i) The company has taken various commercial premises under cancelable operating leases. These lease payments are normally renewed on expiry.
ii) Lease rental expense in respect of operating lease: INR 78,27,564/- (Previous year INR 77,08,500/- ) have been charged to the Statement of profit and loss
for the year.
